question: how are glacier caves formed?
answer: A glacier cave is a cave formed within the ice of a glacier .

question: how much is 1 tablespoon of water
answer: This tablespoon has a capacity of about 15 mL.

question: how much is 1 tablespoon of water
answer: In the USA one tablespoon (measurement unit) is approximately 15 mL; the capacity of an actual tablespoon (dining utensil) ranges from 7 mL to 14 mL.

question: how much is 1 tablespoon of water
answer: In Australia one tablespoon (measurement unit) is 20 mL.

question: how much are the harry potter movies worth
answer: The series also originated much tie-in merchandise, making the Harry Potter brand worth in excess of $15 billion.

question: how a rocket engine works
answer: A rocket engine, or simply "rocket", is a jet engine that uses only stored propellant mass for forming its high speed propulsive jet .

question: how are cholera and typhus transmitted and prevented
answer: Transmission occurs primarily by drinking water or eating food that has been contaminated by the feces (waste product) of an infected person, including one with no apparent symptoms.

question: how did anne frank die
answer: Anne Frank and her sister, Margot , were eventually transferred to the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp , where they died of typhus in March 1945.

question: how are aircraft radial engines built
answer: The radial engine is a reciprocating type internal combustion engine configuration in which the cylinders point outward from a central crankshaft like the spokes of a wheel.

question: how deep can be drill for deep underwater
answer: Deepwater drilling is the process of oil and gas exploration and production in depths of more than 500 feet.

question: how old was monica lewinsky during the affair
answer: Monica Samille Lewinsky (born July 23, 1973) is an American woman with whom United States President Bill Clinton admitted to having had an "improper relationship" while she worked at the White House in 1995 and 1996.

question: how long was frank sinatra famous
answer: Beginning his musical career in the swing era with Harry James and Tommy Dorsey , Sinatra found unprecedented success as a solo artist from the early to mid-1940s after being signed to Columbia Records in 1943.

question: how much is jk rowling worth
answer: The 2008 Sunday Times Rich List estimated Rowling's fortune at £560 million ($798 million), ranking her as the twelfth richest woman in the United Kingdom.

question: how big is auburndale florida
answer: According to the U.S Census estimates of 2005, the city had a population of 12,381.

question: how old is kirk douglas, the actor?
answer: Kirk Douglas (born Issur Danielovitch, ; December 9, 1916) is an American stage and film actor, film producer and author.

question: how old is the singer bob seger
answer: Robert Clark "Bob" Seger (born May 6, 1945) is an American rock and roll singer-songwriter , guitarist and pianist .

question: how long was richard nixon a president
answer: Richard Milhous Nixon (January 9, 1913 – April 22, 1994) was the 37th President of the United States , serving from 1969 to 1974, when he became the only president to resign the office.

question: how old were the twin towers when destroyed
answer: The original World Trade Center featured landmark twin towers, which opened on April 4, 1973 and were destroyed in the September 11 attacks of 2001, along with 7 World Trade Center.

question: how are the # of electrons in each shell determined
answer: Each shell can contain only a fixed number of electrons: The 1st shell can hold up to two electrons, the 2nd shell can hold up to eight electrons, the 3rd shell can hold up to 18, and 4th shell can hold up to 32 and so on.

question: how many presidents of the us
answer: There have been 43 people sworn into office, and 44 presidencies, as Grover Cleveland served two non-consecutive terms and is counted chronologically as both the 22nd and 24th president.

question: how old is beatrice author
answer: Beatrice "Bea" Arthur (May 13, 1922 – April 25, 2009) was an American actress, comedienne, and singer whose career spanned seven decades.

question: how are public schools funded
answer: State schools (also known as public schools or government schools) generally refer to primary or secondary schools mandated for or offered to all children without charge paid for, in whole or in part, by taxation .

question: how are public schools funded
answer: The term may also refer to institutions of post-secondary education funded, in whole or in part, and overseen by government.

question: what happens  to the light independent reactions of photosynthesis?
answer: The light-independent reactions of photosynthesis are chemical reactions that convert carbon dioxide and other compounds into glucose .

question: what happens  to the light independent reactions of photosynthesis?
answer: These reactions take the light-dependent reactions and perform further chemical processes on them.

question: what did mia hamm do his work
answer: Mariel Margaret "Mia" Hamm (born March 17, 1972) is a retired American professional soccer player.

question: what countries are under the buddhism religion
answer: This is the predominant form of Buddhism practiced in China, South Korea, Japan, Taiwan, Singapore, and Vietnam.

question: how did wild bill's father die
answer: He was shot and killed while playing poker in the Nuttal & Mann's Saloon in Deadwood , Dakota Territory (now South Dakota ).

question: how many land rovers have landed on mars
answer: There have been four successful robotically operated Mars rovers.

question: how do forensic auditors examine financial reporting
answer: The audit opinion is intended to provide reasonable assurance, but not absolute assurance, that the financial statements are presented fairly, in all material respects, and/or give a true and fair view in accordance with the financial reporting framework.

question: how do forensic auditors examine financial reporting
answer: The purpose of an audit is provide and objective independent examination of the financial statements, which increases the value and credibility of the financial statements produced by management, thus increase user confidence in the financial statement, reduce investor risk and consequently reduce the cost of capital of the preparer of the financial statements.

question: how do forensic auditors examine financial reporting
answer: Financial audits are typically performed by firms of practicing accountants who are experts in financial reporting.

question: What did the augurs use to interpret the will of the gods?
answer: His main role was to interpret the will of the gods by studying the flight of birds : whether they are flying in groups or alone, what noises they make as they fly, direction of flight and what kind of birds they are.

question: What county is Farmington Hills, MI in?
answer: It is the second largest city in Oakland County in the U.S. state of Michigan .

question: what does a groundhog look for on groundhog day
answer: According to folklore, if it is cloudy when a groundhog emerges from its burrow on this day, then spring will come early; if it is sunny, the groundhog will supposedly see its shadow and retreat back into its burrow, and the winter weather will continue for six more weeks.

question: What committees are joint committees
answer: A Joint Committee is a term in politics that is used to refer to a committee made up of members of both chambers of a bicameral legislature.

question: how many stripes on the flag
answer: The 50 stars on the flag represent the 50 states of the United States of America and the 13 stripes represent the thirteen British colonies that declared independence from the Kingdom of Great Britain and became the first states in the Union.

question: How many states and territories are within India?
answer: India is a federal union of states comprising twenty-eight states and seven union territories .

question: what county is galveston in texas
answer: Galveston County is a county located in the U.S. state of Texas within the Houston–Sugar Land–Baytown metropolitan area.

question: what cities are in the bahamas
answer: Nassau

question: what cities are in the bahamas
answer: Freeport, Bahamas

question: how many schools are in the big ten
answer: Its twelve member institutions (which are primarily flagship research universities in their respective states, well-regarded academically, and with relatively large student enrollment) are located primarily in the Midwest , stretching from Nebraska in the west to Penn State in the east.

question: how is single malt scotch made
answer: Single Malt Scotch is single malt whisky made in Scotland using a pot still distillation process at a single distillery , with malted barley as the only grain ingredient.

question: how is single malt scotch made
answer: As with any Scotch whisky , a single malt Scotch must be distilled in Scotland and matured in oak casks in Scotland for at least three years (most single malts are matured longer).

question: what composer used sound mass
answer: Composers and works include Barbara Kolb , Pauline Oliveros ' Sound Patterns for chorus (1961), Norma Beecroft 's From Dreams of Brass for chorus (1963–1964), and Nancy Van de Vate .

question: what composer used sound mass
answer: A very early example is the opening of Jean-Féry Rebel 's ballet Les Elémens (1737–38), where chaos is represented by a gradually cumulating orchestral cluster of all seven notes of the D minor scale (Henck 2004, pp. 52–54).

question: what composer used sound mass
answer: A later example is the third movement of Ruth Crawford Seeger 's String Quartet 1931 (Nonesuch H-71280) while more recently Phill Niblock 's multiple drone based music serves as an example.

question: what composer used sound mass
answer: The use of "chords approaching timbres" begins with Debussy and Edgard Varèse often carefully scored individual instrumental parts so that they would fuse into one ensemble timbre or sound mass (Erickson 1975, pp. 18 and 21).

question: what composer used sound mass
answer: Other examples include European "textural" compositions of the fifties and sixties such as Krzysztof Penderecki 's Threnody to the Victims of Hiroshima (1959) and György Ligeti 's works featuring micropolyphony in works like Atmosphères (1961) and his Requiem (1963-65).

question: what composer used sound mass
answer: Other composers with works using this technique include Henryk Górecki , Karel Husa , Witold Lutosławski , Kazimierz Serocki , and Steven Stucky .

question: what composer used sound mass
answer: Sound mass techniques also appear in the music of George Crumb (Anon. n.d.).

question: what continent is australia
answer: Australia is a continent comprising mainland Australia , Tasmania , New Guinea , Seram , possibly Timor , and neighbouring islands.

question: how many people live in atlanta georgia
answer: Atlanta (, stressed , locally ) is the capital of and the most populous city in the U.S. state of Georgia , with an estimated 2011 population of 432,427.

question: how many people live in atlanta georgia
answer: Atlanta is the cultural and economic center of the Atlanta metropolitan area , home to 5,457,831 people and the ninth largest metropolitan area in the United States.

question: what does it mean to be a commonwealth state
answer: Commonwealth is a traditional English term for a political community founded for the common good.

question: how long can you be in the supreme court
answer: Once appointed, justices have life tenure unless they resign, retire, or are removed after impeachment .

question: what county in texas is conroe located in
answer: Conroe is the seat of Montgomery County and falls within the metropolitan area.

question: What group took home the award for best rock album at the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) Music Awards?
answer: Winning, or even being nominated for, an ARIA award results in a lot of media attention on an artist, and usually increases recording sales several-fold – in 2005 , for example, after Ben Lee won three awards, his album Awake Is the New Sleep jumped from No. 31 to No. 5 in the ARIA Charts , its highest position.

question: how does a dredge work?
answer: Dredging is an excavation activity or operation usually carried out at least partly underwater, in shallow seas or fresh water areas with the purpose of gathering up bottom sediments and disposing of them at a different location.

question: how does a dredge work?
answer: A dredger (or “dredge” as is the general usage in the Americas) is any device, machine, or vessel that is used to excavate and remove material from the bottom of a body of water.

question: how does a dredge work?
answer: For example, a scoop attached to the end of a rope or pole by which a man can draw sediments up from the bottom of a pond is a dredger.

question: how does a dredge work?
answer: Developing this idea further, a motorized crane equipped with a drag bucket or clamshell (grabber) that is used to scoop material from the bottom of a body of water is also a dredger.

question: how does a dredge work?
answer: If the crane is mounted on a barge, the entire vessel is referred to as a dredger.

question: what did benedict arnold die
answer: He returned to London to settle permanently in 1791, where he died ten years later.

question: how many world series did curt schilling have
answer: He helped lead the Philadelphia Phillies to the World Series in and won World Series championships in with the Arizona Diamondbacks and in and with the Boston Red Sox .

question: how many ports are there in networking
answer: Of the thousands of enumerated ports, about 250 well-known ports are reserved by convention to identify specific service types on a host.

question: what area code is 479
answer: Area code 479 is the telephone area code serving thirteen counties in northwest Arkansas , including the cities of Fort Smith , Fayetteville , Springdale , Rogers and Bentonville : the second, third, fourth, eighth and tenth-largest cities in the state, respectively.

question: what area code is 479
answer: Area code 479 serves Benton , Carroll (split with area code 870 ), Crawford , Franklin , Johnson , Logan , Madison , Polk , Pope , Scott , Sebastian , Washington and Yell Counties in Arkansas.

question: what does arraignment mean
answer: Arraignment is a formal reading of a criminal charging document in the presence of the defendant to inform the defendant of the charges against him or her.

question: what did chaucer do
answer: While he achieved fame during his lifetime as an author, philosopher, alchemist and astronomer , composing a scientific treatise on the astrolabe for his ten year-old son Lewis, Chaucer also maintained an active career in the civil service as a bureaucrat, courtier and diplomat.

question: what did chaucer do
answer: Chaucer is a crucial figure in developing the legitimacy of the vernacular , Middle English , at a time when the dominant literary languages in England were French and Latin.

question: what does am and pm stand for
answer: The 12-hour clock is a time convention in which the 24 hours of the day are divided into two periods: a.m. (from the Latin ante meridiem, meaning "before midday") and p.m. (post meridiem, "after midday").

question: how is canada's health care
answer: A 2007 review of all studies comparing health outcomes in Canada and the US in a Canadian peer-reviewed medical journal found that "health outcomes may be superior in patients cared for in Canada versus the United States, but differences are not consistent."

question: how do pineapples grow
answer: Pineapples may be cultivated from a crown cutting of the fruit, possibly flowering in 20–24 months and fruiting in the following six months.

question: what country did wine originate in
answer: Archaeological evidence suggests that the earliest known wine production occurred in what is now the country of Georgia around 7000 BCE, with other notable sites in Greater Iran dated 4500 BCE and Armenia 4100 BCE, respectively.

question: how many district are in west bengal
answer: In 1947, when India gained independence, the state of West Bengal was formed with 14 districts, as per partition plan of the then Bengal province of British India .

question: how many towns in new hampshire
answer: This is a list of the 221 towns and 13 cities in the U.S. state of New Hampshire .

question: what does salesforce.com do?
answer: Though best known for its customer relationship management (CRM) product, Salesforce has also expanded into the "social enterprise arena" through acquisitions.

question: what does 1 year mean to the planet
answer: During one orbit around the Sun, the Earth rotates about its own axis 366.26 times, creating 365.26 solar days , or one sidereal year .

question: what is feedback mechanism in plants during respiration
answer: Cellular respiration is the set of the metabolic reactions and processes that take place in the cells of organisms to convert biochemical energy from nutrients into adenosine triphosphate (ATP), and then release waste products.

question: how fire extinguisher works
answer: Cartridge-operated extinguishers contain the expellant gas in a separate cartridge that is punctured prior to discharge, exposing the propellant to the extinguishing agent.

question: what countries are in central america?
answer: Central America consists of seven countries: Belize , Costa Rica , El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras , Nicaragua , and Panama .

question: how does a steam engine work
answer: A steam engine is a heat engine that performs mechanical work using steam as its working fluid .

question: how does a steam engine work
answer: Steam engines are external combustion engines , where the working fluid is separate from the combustion products.

question: what county is tacoma washington in
answer: Tacoma (, ) is a mid-sized urban port city and the county seat of Pierce County, Washington , United States.

question: what county is chula vista ca in
answer: As the second largest city in San Diego County , Chula Vista has quickly become a destination popular to many tourists.

question: what did isaac newton do
answer: Sir Isaac Newton (25 December 164220 March 1727) was an English physicist and mathematician who is widely regarded as one of the most influential scientists of all time and as a key figure in the scientific revolution .

question: what does the universal law of gravitation state
answer: Newton's law of universal gravitation states that every point mass in the universe attracts every other point mass with a force that is directly proportional to the product of their masses and inversely proportional to the square of the distance between them.

question: how many US soldiers killed in Iraq war
answer: A total of 4,486 U.S. soldiers were killed in Iraq between 2003 and 2012.

question: how many professional hockey teams in canada
answer: It started with four teams and, through a series of expansions, contractions, and relocations, the league is now composed of 30 active franchises.

question: what county is northville mi
answer: Northville is an affluent city located in and divided by Oakland and Wayne counties in the U.S. state of Michigan .

question: what county is northville mi
answer: Most of the city is in Oakland County, and is surrounded by the city of Novi .

question: how many games did brett favre start in a row
answer: He has led teams to eight division championships ( 1995 , 1996 , 1997 , 2002 , 2003 , 2004 , 2007 , 2009 ), five NFC Championship Games ( 1995 , 1996 , 1997 , 2007 , 2009 ), and two Super Bowl appearances ( Super Bowl XXXI , Super Bowl XXXII ), winning one (Super Bowl XXXI).

question: what does a vote to table a motion mean?
answer: In the United States, to table usually means the to lay [the topic] on the table or to move for postponement of consideration; a proposal to suspend consideration of a pending motion.

question: What does the class mean for SDHC cards?
answer: The four families are the original Standard-Capacity (SDSC), the High-Capacity ( SDHC ), the eXtended-Capacity ( SDXC ), and the SDIO , which combines input/output functions with data storage.

question: what do porcupines eat
answer: It eats leaves, herbs, twigs and green plants like skunk cabbage and clover and in the winter it may eat bark.

question: what did elijah mccoy invent
answer: Elijah J. McCoy (May 2, 1844 – October 10, 1929) was a black Canadian-American inventor and engineer, who was notable for his 57 U.S. patents , most to do with lubrication of steam engines.

question: how many apple store are there in total?
answer: , Apple has 405 stores worldwide, with global sales of billion in merchandise in 2011, and they lead the United States retail market in terms of sales per unit area .

question: What does the idea of effective nuclear charge tell us
answer: The term "effective" is used because the shielding effect of negatively charged electrons prevents higher orbital electrons from experiencing the full nuclear charge by the repelling effect of inner-layer electrons.

question: what domain is eu
answer: .eu is the country code top-level domain (ccTLD) for the European Union (EU).

question: What does the name "Meister" mean in German
answer: Meister means master in German (as in master craftsman , or as an honorific title such as Meister Eckhart ).

question: How did Edgar Allan Poe die?
answer: On October 7, 1849, at age 40, Poe died in Baltimore; the cause of his death is unknown and has been variously attributed to alcohol, brain congestion, cholera , drugs, heart disease, rabies , suicide, tuberculosis, and other agents.

question: how many seasons heroes
answer: Four complete seasons aired, ending on February 8, 2010.

question: what holiday is first weekend of september
answer: Labor Day is an American federal holiday observed on the first Monday in September, that celebrates the economic and social contributions of workers.

question: what does life insurance cover?
answer: Life insurance is a contract between an insured (insurance policy holder) and an insurer , where the insurer promises to pay a designated beneficiary a sum of money (the "benefits") upon the death of the insured person.

question: what does life insurance cover?
answer: Depending on the contract, other events such as terminal illness or critical illness may also trigger payment.

question: what does life insurance cover?
answer: Protection policies – designed to provide a benefit in the event of specified event, typically a lump sum payment.

question: how many days does the chinese new year last
answer: 9 – 12 February (Vietnam)

question: how many consoles has xbox 360 sold
answer: As of September 30, 2012, 70 million Xbox 360 consoles have been sold worldwide.

question: how is a backpack made
answer: The bag itself was made up of different animal hide and skin (depending on what sorts of animals were in the area) and sewn together by the intestines of said animals, which were woven together tightly to make a sturdy thread-like material.

question: WHAT COUNTRY IS MEXICO IN
answer: Mexico (; ; ), officially the United Mexican States (), is a federal constitutional republic in North America.

question: how is slugging percentage calculated
answer: It is calculated as total bases divided by at bats :

question: what cheese is made from goat's milk
answer: Goat cheese, or chèvre (from the French word for goat), is cheese made out of the milk of goats .

question: what country is belize in
answer: Belize , is a country located on the northeastern coast of Central America.

question: how many stars on the first american flag
answer: The flag was designed during the American Revolution and features 13 stars to represent the original 13 colonies .

question: how does a cat purr
answer: However, using a strict definition of purring that continuous sound production must alternate between pulmonic egressive and ingressive airstream (and usually go on for minutes), Peters (2002), in an exhaustive review of the scientific literature, reached the conclusion that until then only ‘purring cats’ (Felidae) and two species of genets , Genetta tigrina, and most likely also Genetta genetta, had been documented to purr.

question: what county is St. Elizabeth MO in
answer: St. Elizabeth is a village in Miller County , Missouri , United States .

question: what county is wilton ca in
answer: Wilton is a census-designated place (CDP) in Sacramento County , California , United States .

question: what happened to stevie ray vaughan
answer: On August 27, 1990, Vaughan was killed in a helicopter crash following a performance in East Troy, Wisconsin .

question: how many gold gloves does barry larkin have
answer: Larkin is considered one of the top players of his era, winning nine Silver Slugger awards and three Gold Glove awards .

question: what caused ww
answer: The causes of World War I , which began in central Europe in late July 1914 and finished in 1918, included many factors, such as the conflicts and hostility of the four decades leading up to the war.

question: what kind of legal remedy is it to ask someone to fulfill there promise
answer: The word promise can be used as a legal synonym for contract, although care is required as a promise may not have the full standing of a contract, as when it is an agreement without consideration .

question: how is ASP.NET different from .NET
answer: ASP.NET is a server-side Web application framework designed for Web development to produce dynamic Web pages .

question: how does lsd impact the human body
answer: Lysergic acid diethylamide, abbreviated LSD or LSD-25, also known as lysergide ( INN ) and colloquially as acid, is a semisynthetic psychedelic drug of the ergoline family, well known for its psychological effects which can include altered thinking processes, closed and open eye visuals, synesthesia , an altered sense of time and spiritual experiences , as well as for its key role in 1960s counterculture .

question: how does lsd impact the human body
answer: LSD is non-addictive, is not known to cause brain damage, and has extremely low toxicity relative to dose .

question: how does lsd impact the human body
answer: However, adverse psychiatric reactions such as anxiety, paranoia, and delusions are possible.

question: how many people live in memphis tennessee
answer: Memphis had a population of 672,277 in 2011 making it the largest city in the state of Tennessee , the largest city on the Mississippi River , the third largest in the Southeastern United States , and the 20th largest in the United States.

question: how many muscles in the human body
answer: There are approximately 642 skeletal muscles within the typical human, and almost every muscle constitutes one part of a pair of identical bilateral muscles, found on both sides, resulting in approximately 320 pairs of muscles, as presented in this article.

question: how did seminole war end
answer: Ultimately, the Spanish Crown ceded the colony to United States rule.

question: what county is orono maine in
answer: Orono is a town in Penobscot County , Maine , United States .

question: what it is a pilot study
answer: A pilot experiment, also called a pilot study, is a small scale preliminary study conducted in order to evaluate feasibility, time, cost, adverse events, and effect size (statistical variability) in an attempt to predict an appropriate sample size and improve upon the study design prior to performance of a full-scale research project.

question: what chili wants wiki
answer: What Chilli Wants is an American reality series on VH1 starring Chilli , one-third of the Grammy Award -winning R&B trio TLC .

question: what division is boise state football
answer: The Boise State Broncos football program represents Boise State University in college football and compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) of Division I as a member of the Mountain West Conference .

question: What does the term "mens rea" mean
answer: Mens rea is Latin for "guilty mind".

question: what do UA's detect
answer: A drug test is a technical analysis of a biological specimen – for example urine, hair, blood, sweat, or oral fluid / saliva – to determine the presence or absence of specified parent drugs or their metabolites .

question: how much caffeine is in a shot of espresso
answer: Espresso has more caffeine per unit volume than most beverages, but the usual serving size is smaller—a typical 60 mL (2 US fluid ounce ) of espresso has 80 to 150 mg of caffeine, little less than the 95 to 200 mg of a standard 240 mL (8 US fluid ounces ) cup of drip-brewed coffee.

question: how did the penguins acquire sidney crosby
answer: Crosby was drafted first overall by the Penguins out of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL).

question: what does add my two cents mean
answer: "My two cents" (2¢) and its longer version "put my two cents in" is an United States (US) idiomatic expression, taken from the original English idiom expression: to put in "my two pennies worth" or "my tuppence worth."

question: how much total wealth in USA
answer: Including human capital such as skills, the United Nations estimated the total wealth of the United States in 2008 to be $118 trillion.

question: how was the moon formed
answer: The Moon is thought to have formed nearly 4.5 billion years ago, not long after the Earth.

question: how was the moon formed
answer: Although there have been several hypotheses for its origin in the past, the current most widely accepted explanation is that the Moon formed from the debris left over after a giant impact between Earth and a Mars -sized body.

question: what did ronald reagan do as president
answer: As president, Reagan implemented sweeping new political and economic initiatives.

question: how many presidents have been assassinated
answer: Four sitting presidents have been killed: Abraham Lincoln (the 16th President), James A. Garfield (the 20th President), William McKinley (the 25th President) and John F. Kennedy (the 35th President).

question: what does oklahoma produce
answer: A major producer of natural gas , oil , and agriculture, Oklahoma relies on an economic base of aviation, energy, telecommunications, and biotechnology .

question: how many redwall books are there
answer: There have been twenty-two novels and two picture books published.

question: what date did the american civil war start
answer: Hostilities began on April 12, 1861, when Confederate forces fired upon Fort Sumter , a key fort held by Union troops in South Carolina.

question: what does bruce jenner do
answer: William Bruce Jenner (born October 28, 1949) is a former U.S. track and field athlete , motivational speaker , socialite , television personality and businessman .

question: what area code is 217
answer: Area code 217 is the North American telephone area code for much of western and central Illinois .

question: what area code is 217
answer: The 217 area includes Illinois' capital , Springfield , plus Champaign , Urbana , Decatur , Danville , Quincy , and Rantoul .

question: How many consecutive games did Ken Jennings win?
answer: In 2004, Jennings won 74 Jeopardy!

question: what county is jennings, la
answer: Jennings is a small city in and the parish seat of Jefferson Davis Parish , Louisiana , United States , near Lake Charles .

question: how does nanotechnology affect health
answer: Nanotechnology may be able to create many new materials and devices with a vast range of applications , such as in medicine , electronics , biomaterials and energy production.

question: how much does united states spend on health care
answer: According to the World Health Organization (WHO), the United States spent more on health care per capita ($7,146), and more on health care as percentage of its GDP (15.2%), than any other nation in 2008.

question: what does it take to start a lodge in freemason
answer: Every new Lodge must be warranted or chartered by a Grand Lodge, but is subject to its direction only in enforcing the published Constitution of the jurisdiction.

question: how does black pepper grow
answer: Black pepper (Piper nigrum) is a flowering vine in the family Piperaceae , cultivated for its fruit , which is usually dried and used as a spice and seasoning .

question: how south african leaders are elected
answer: The President is elected by members of the National Assembly , the lower house of Parliament , and is usually the leader of the largest party, which has been the African National Congress since the first non-racial elections were held on 27 April 1994.

question: how was the phone invented
answer: The invention of the telephone is the culmination of work done by many individuals, the history of which involves a collection of claims and counterclaims.

question: how many died in hiroshima and nagasaki
answer: Within the first two to four months of the bombings, the acute effects killed 90,000–166,000 people in Hiroshima and 60,000–80,000 in Nagasaki, with roughly half of the deaths in each city occurring on the first day.

question: how did mohammed gandhi die
answer: He was assassinated on 30 January 1948 by Nathuram Godse who thought Gandhi was too sympathetic to India's Muslims.

question: how many users do twitter have
answer: The service rapidly gained worldwide popularity, with over 500 million registered users as of 2012, generating over 340 million tweets daily and handling over 1.6 billion search queries per day.

question: what kind of books does debbie macomber writes
answer: Debbie Macomber (born October 22, 1948 in Yakima, Washington ) is a best-selling American author of over 150 romance novels and contemporary women's fiction.

question: what county is catonsville md in
answer: Catonsville is a census-designated place (CDP) in Baltimore County , Maryland , United States.

question: what does the family leave act
answer: The Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (FMLA) is a United States federal law requiring covered employers to provide employees job-protected and unpaid leave for qualified medical and family reasons.

question: what does the family leave act
answer: Qualified medical and family reasons include: personal or family illness, family military leave, pregnancy , adoption , or the foster care placement of a child.

question: how did the vietnam war end
answer: The capture of Saigon by the Vietnam People's Army in April 1975 marked the end of the war, and North and South Vietnam were reunified the following year.

question: How is the pothole formed
answer: A pothole (sometimes called a kettle and known in parts of the Western United States as a chuckhole) is a type of disruption in the surface of a roadway where a portion of the road material has broken away, leaving a hole.

question: how much more time does chemo give to people with renal cancer
answer: Where the tumor is confined to the renal parenchyma, the 5-year survival rate is 60-70%, but this is lowered considerably where metastases have spread.

question: what does estee lauder do
answer: Estée Lauder Companies, Inc. is a manufacturer and marketer of prestige skincare, makeup, fragrance and hair care products.

question: how does a solid state drive work
answer: It uses an external power supply to make the DRAM non-volatile.

question: how does a solid state drive work
answer: A solid-state drive (SSD) (also known as a solid-state disk or electronic disk, though it contains no actual "disk" of any kind) is a data storage device using integrated circuit assemblies as memory to store data persistently .

question: how long did the roman empire last
answer: The 500-year-old Roman Republic , which preceded it, had been destabilized through a series of civil wars .

question: how much does U.S. pay on health care per person
answer: In 2006, per-capita spending for health care in Canada was US$3,678; in the U.S., US$6,714.

question: what creates sonic boom
answer: A sonic boom is the sound associated with the shock waves created by an object traveling through the air faster than the speed of sound.

question: how is rfid tag powered
answer: Some tags are powered and read at short ranges (a few meters) via magnetic fields ( electromagnetic induction ).

question: how is rfid tag powered
answer: Others use a local power source such as a battery, or else have no battery but collect energy from the interrogating EM field, and then act as a passive transponder to emit microwaves or UHF radio waves (i.e., electromagnetic radiation at high frequencies).

question: how is rfid tag powered
answer: Battery powered tags may operate at hundreds of meters.

question: what city is oregon state university in
answer: Oregon State University (OSU) is a coeducational , public research university located in Corvallis , Oregon , United States .

question: how long have kanab ambersnail been endangered?
answer: It has been listed as endangered on the United States Fish and Wildlife Service list of endangered species since 8 August 1991.

question: how many spanish speaking people are there in the us
answer: According to the 2010 American Community Survey conducted by the U.S. Census Bureau , Spanish is the primary language spoken at home by almost 37 million people aged five or older, a figure more than double that of 1990.

question: what does (sic) mean?
answer: is a Latin word that means "thus" or, in writing, "it was thus in the source material".

question: how does sedimentary rock form
answer: Sedimentary rocks are types of rock that are formed by the deposition of material at the Earth 's surface and within bodies of water.

question: how many bones are in the skeletal system is composed of 306 bones
answer: Humans are born with over 270 bones, some of which fuse together into a longitudinal axis, the axial skeleton , to which the appendicular skeleton is attached.

question: what did st.patrick do
answer: He is generally credited with being the first bishop of Armagh , Primate of All Ireland .

question: how do you know if something is the golden ratio
answer: In mathematics and the arts , two quantities are in the golden ratio if the ratio of the sum of the quantities to the larger quantity is equal to the ratio of the larger quantity to the smaller one.

question: What county is NOrth Myrtle Beach in SC
answer: North Myrtle Beach is a coastal resort city in Horry County , South Carolina , United States .

question: How is a computer used?
answer: A computer is a general purpose device that can be programmed to carry out a finite set of arithmetic or logical operations.

question: what does barefoot and pregnant mean
answer: "Barefoot and pregnant" is a phrase most commonly associated with the controversial idea that women should not work outside the home and should have many children during their reproductive years.

question: what county is oakhurst, nj in
answer: Oakhurst is a census-designated place and unincorporated community within Ocean Township , in Monmouth County , New Jersey , United States.

question: What did Lawrence Joshua Chamberlain do?
answer: Joshua Lawrence Chamberlain (September 8, 1828 – February 24, 1914), born as Lawrence Joshua Chamberlain, was an American college professor from the State of Maine , who volunteered during the American Civil War to join the Union Army .

question: what causes a deficiency in adenosine deaminase
answer: Adenosine deaminase deficiency, also called ADA deficiency or ADA-SCID, is an autosomal recessive metabolic disorder that causes immunodeficiency .

question: how is human height measured
answer: Human height is the distance from the bottom of the feet to the top of the head in a human body , standing erect.

question: what does a timing belt do
answer: Timing belt (camshaft) , a toothed belt used to drive the camshaft(s) within an internal combustion engine

question: what countries legalize marijuana
answer: Furthermore, possession is legal or effectively legal in the Netherlands , North Korea and would be in the U.S. states of Colorado and Washington if it were not for federal law, which governs persons in all states.

question: how many albums has dmx sold to this date
answer: DMX has sold over 30 million records worldwide, making him one of the best-selling hip-hop artists of all time.

question: what do mucous membranes secrete
answer: The sticky, thick fluid secreted by the mucous membranes and glands is termed mucus .

question: what county is Cambria WI in
answer: Cambria is a village in Columbia County , Wisconsin , United States .

question: how is public policy created
answer: Public policy is the principled guide to action taken by the administrative executive branches of the state with regard to a class of issues in a manner consistent with law and institutional customs .

question: how many wives did henry the 8th have
answer: Besides his six marriages, Henry VIII is known for his role in the separation of the Church of England from the Roman Catholic Church.

question: what country are bongo drums from?
answer: Bongos (Spanish: bongó) are an Afro-Cuban percussion instrument .

question: how many books in bible
answer: Christian Bibles range from the sixty-six books of the Protestant canon to the eighty-one books of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church canon.

question: HOW MANY STRIPES ARE ON THE AMERICAN FLAG
answer: The national flag of the United States of America , often simply referred to as the American flag, consists of thirteen equal horizontal stripes of red (top and bottom) alternating with white, with a blue rectangle in the canton (referred to specifically as the "union") bearing fifty small, white, five-pointed stars arranged in nine offset horizontal rows of six stars (top and bottom) alternating with rows of five stars.

question: HOW MANY STRIPES ARE ON THE AMERICAN FLAG
answer: The 50 stars on the flag represent the 50 states of the United States of America and the 13 stripes represent the thirteen British colonies that declared independence from the Kingdom of Great Britain and became the first states in the Union.

question: what do biologists do
answer: A biologist is a scientist who studies living organisms and their relationship to their environment.

question: what does base jumping stand for
answer: BASE jumping, also sometimes written as B.A.S.E. jumping, is an activity where participants jump from fixed objects and use a parachute to break their fall.

question: what does base jumping stand for
answer: "BASE" is an acronym that stands for four categories of fixed objects from which one can jump: buildings , antennas , spans ( bridges ), and earth ( cliffs ).

question: What country is the largest stalagmite
answer: The largest stalagmite in the world is high and is located in the cave of Cueva Martin Infierno, Cuba.

question: what does Gringo mean
answer: Gringo (, , ) is a slang Spanish and Portuguese word used in Ibero-America , to denote foreigners, often from the United States .

question: what does Gringo mean
answer: The term can be applied to someone who is actually a foreigner, or it can denote a strong association or assimilation into foreign (particularly US) society and culture.

question: what does freedom of speech cover
answer: Freedom of speech is the political right to communicate one's opinions and ideas using one's body and property to anyone who is willing to receive them.

question: what does automatic paper feeder on printers mean
answer: In multifunction or all-in-one printers , fax machines , photocopiers and scanners , an automatic document feeder or ADF is a feature which takes several pages and feeds the paper one page at a time into a scanner or copier, allowing the user to scan , and thereby copy , print , or fax , multiple-page documents without having to manually replace each page.

question: what county is san jose in?
answer: San Jose (; Spanish : St. Joseph ) is the third-largest city in California , the tenth-largest in the U.S., and the county seat of Santa Clara County which is located at the southern end of San Francisco Bay .

question: what cars have smart key systems
answer: It was first developed by Siemens in the mid-1990s and introduced by Mercedes-Benz under the name "Keyless Go" in 1998 on the W220 S-Class following its design patent filed by Daimler-Benz on May 17, 1997.

question: how old a child pedophile crime
answer: As a medical diagnosis, pedophilia or paedophilia is a psychiatric disorder in persons 16 years of age or older typically characterized by a primary or exclusive sexual interest toward prepubescent children (generally age 11 years or younger, though specific diagnosis criteria for the disorder extends the cut-off point for prepubescence to age 13).

question: how many people were killed in the holocaust
answer: Over one million Jewish children were killed in the Holocaust, as were approximately two million Jewish women and three million Jewish men.

question: what can silk be used for
answer: Silk is a natural protein fibre , some forms of which can be woven into textiles .

question: what channel is letterman on
answer: Late Show with David Letterman is an American late-night talk show hosted by David Letterman on CBS .

question: what do cyberstalkers do
answer: Cyberstalking is the use of the Internet or other electronic means to stalk or harass an individual, a group of individuals, or an organization.

question: what kind a is tilapia
answer: Tilapia ( ) is the common name for nearly a hundred species of cichlid fish from the tilapiine cichlid tribe .

question: how many grape farms in united states
answer: As of the last census of agriculture in 2007, there were 2.2 million farms, covering an area of , an average of per farm.

question: what freezes faster? hot or cold water?
answer: The Mpemba effect, named after Tanzanian student Erasto Mpemba , is the assertion that warmer water can freeze faster than colder water.

question: how many qfc stores are there
answer: Quality Food Centers (QFC) is a supermarket chain based in Bellevue, Washington , with 64 stores in the Puget Sound region of Washington state and in the Portland, Oregon metropolitan area.

question: what affects the money supply
answer: There is strong empirical evidence of a direct relation between money-supply growth and long-term price inflation, at least for rapid increases in the amount of money in the economy.

question: how is today special?
answer: Today's Special is a Canadian children's television show produced by Clive VanderBurgh at TVOntario from 1981 to 1987.

question: What Causes Brain Freeze
answer: It is caused by having something cold touch the roof of the mouth ( palate ), and is believed to result from a nerve response causing rapid constriction and swelling of blood vessels or a " referring " of pain from the roof of the mouth to the head.

question: what does auld lang syne mean
answer: The song's Scots title may be translated into English literally as "old long since", or more idiomatically, "long long ago", "days gone by" or "old times".

question: what does leeroy jenkins mean
answer: Leeroy Jenkins, sometimes misspelled Leroy Jenkins and often elongated with numerous additional letters, is an Internet meme named for a player character created by Ben Schulz in Blizzard Entertainment 's MMORPG , World of Warcraft .

question: how many times has a player hit for the cycle
answer: Cycles are uncommon in Major League Baseball (MLB), and have occurred 294 times since the first by Curry Foley in 1882.

question: how many times has a player hit for the cycle
answer: The cycle is roughly as common as a no-hitter (279 occurrences in MLB history); it has been called "one of the rarest" and "most difficult feats" in baseball.

question: how many episodes of Lost were there
answer: A total of 121 episodes of Lost were produced, the last of which aired on May 23, 2010.

question: what does it mean if i'm flat footed?
answer: Flat feet (also called pes planus or fallen arches) is a formal reference to a medical condition in which the arch of the foot collapses, with the entire sole of the foot coming into complete or near-complete contact with the ground.

question: what age group is generation x
answer: Demographers, historians and commentators use beginning birth dates from the early 1960s to the early 1980s .

question: what glows in the dark
answer: Radioluminescence , production of luminescence in a material by the bombardment of ionizing radiation

question: what did sparta do around 650 bc
answer: Around 650 BC, it rose to become the dominant military land-power in ancient Greece.

question: what fantasy american football means
answer: Fantasy football is an interactive competition in which users compete against each other as general managers of virtual teams.

question: how many muscles in the body
answer: There are approximately 642 skeletal muscles within the typical human, and almost every muscle constitutes one part of a pair of identical bilateral muscles, found on both sides, resulting in approximately 320 pairs of muscles, as presented in this article.

question: how many muscles in the body
answer: Examples range from 640 to 850.

question: how much does a gold bar weigh
answer: The standard gold bar held as gold reserves by central banks and traded among bullion dealers is the 400-troy-ounce (12.4 kg or 438.9 ounces) Good Delivery gold bar.

question: how much does a gold bar weigh
answer: The kilobar, which is to say 1000 grams in mass, is the bar that is more manageable and is used extensively for trading and investment.

question: how many kids does archie manning have
answer: He is the father of current Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning , current New York Giants starting quarterback Eli Manning , and former Ole Miss receiver Cooper Manning .

question: what does an advocacy website promote?
answer: Advocacy is a political process by an individual or group which aims to influence public-policy and resource allocation decisions within political, economic, and social systems and institutions.

question: what does the green mean on the mexican flag
answer: Red, white, and green are the colors of the national liberation army in Mexico.

question: how often do elk have sex
answer: Males also engage in ritualized mating behaviors during the rut , including posturing, antler wrestling (sparring), and bugling, a loud series of vocalizations which establishes dominance over other males and attracts females.

question: what city is george washington university
answer: The George Washington University (GW, GWU, or George Washington) is a comprehensive private , coeducational research university located in Washington, D.C. .

question: what does the temporal lobe part of the brain do
answer: The temporal lobes are involved in the retention of visual memories , processing sensory input, comprehending language , storing new memories, emotion, and deriving meaning.

question: how many lungs does a human have
answer: Humans have two lungs , a right lung and a left lung.

question: What a Margarita contains
answer: The margarita is a Mexican cocktail consisting of tequila mixed with Cointreau or similar orange -flavoured liqueur and lime or lemon juice , often served with salt on the glass rim.

question: what color is burgundy
answer: Burgundy is a dark red color associated with the Burgundy wine of the same name, which in turn is named after the Burgundy region of France .

question: what color is burgundy
answer: The color burgundy is similar to other shades of dark red such as maroon .

question: what is the population of center tx
answer: The population was 5,193 at the 2010 census.

question: what causes photo red eye
answer: It occurs when using a photographic flash very close to the camera lens (as with most compact cameras ), in ambient low light.

question: how many students go to santa barbara
answer: The campus is the 6th-largest in the UC system by enrollment with 18,977 undergraduate and 2,950 graduate students.

question: what day is the feast of st joseph's?
answer: Saint Joseph's Day, March 19, the Feast of St. Joseph is in Western Christianity the principal feast day of Saint Joseph , Spouse of the Blessed Virgin Mary .

question: what culture is mariah carey
answer: Mariah Carey (born March 27, 1970) is an American singer , songwriter , record producer , actress , and philanthropist .

question: how was color introduced in film?
answer: The first color cinematography was by means of additive color systems such as the one patented in England by Edward Raymond Turner in 1899 and tested in 1902.

question: how was color introduced in film?
answer: A simplified additive system was developed by George Albert Smith and successfully commercialized in 1909 as Kinemacolor .

question: what artist have song with ashanti?
answer: Ashanti wrote and sang background on Jennifer Lopez 's " Ain't It Funny (Murder Remix) ", which reached number one on Billboard Hot 100, which was also in the top 10 chart at the same time as "Foolish", "Always on Time" (with Ja Rule ), and "What's Luv" (with Fat Joe ).

question: what came first army or air force
answer: The AAF was a component of the United States Army , which in 1942 was divided functionally by executive order into three autonomous forces: the Army Ground Forces , the Services of Supply (which in 1943 became the Army Service Forces ), and the AAF.

question: what does the FOIA apply to
answer: The Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) is a federal freedom of information law that allows for the full or partial disclosure of previously unreleased information and documents controlled by the United States government .

question: how many countries are member of the eu?
answer: The European Union (EU) is an economic and political union of 27 member states that are located primarily in Europe .

question: how many vehicles are registered in the us
answer: Overall, there were an estimated 254.4 million registered passenger vehicles in the United States according to a 2007 DOT study.

question: what does a laboratory in a gynecologist office consist of
answer: A medical laboratory or clinical laboratory is a laboratory where tests are done on clinical specimens in order to get information about the health of a patient as pertaining to the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of disease.

question: what cards do you need in poker to get a royal flush
answer: These hand rankings are also used in some other card games , and in poker dice .

question: what does xylem transport
answer: Its basic function is to transport water, but it also transports some nutrients through the plant.

question: what do jehovah witnesses believe
answer: Jehovah's Witnesses' beliefs are based on their interpretations of the Bible and they prefer to use their own translation, the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .

question: what do jehovah witnesses believe
answer: They believe that the destruction of the present world system at Armageddon is imminent, and that the establishment of God's kingdom on earth is the only solution for all problems faced by mankind.

question: how old old is xp operating system
answer: Windows XP was released worldwide for retail sale on October 25, 2001, and over 400 million copies were in use in January 2006.

question: how many pawns in chess
answer: In chess, each player begins the game with eight pawns, one on each square of the rank immediately in front of the other pieces.

question: what countries allow gays to openly serve in the military
answer: Nations that permit gay people to serve openly in the military include the 4 of the 5 members of the UN Security Council (United States, United Kingdom, France, and Russia), the Republic of China (Taiwan), Australia , Israel , South Africa , Argentina , and all NATO members excluding Turkey .

question: how is hydrogen produced
answer: Currently the dominant technology for direct production is steam reforming from hydrocarbons .

question: how many percent is a basis point
answer: 1 basis point = 1 permyriad = one one-hundredth percent

question: how many percent is a basis point
answer: 1 bp = 1 = 0.01% = 0.1‰ = 10−4 = = 0.0001

question: how many percent is a basis point
answer: The relationship between percentage changes and basis points can be summarized as follows: 1 percentage point change = 100 basis points, and 0.01 percentage points = 1 basis point.

question: what genre is bloody beetroots
answer: The Bloody Beetroots is the pseudonym of Sir Bob Cornelius Rifo, the Italian electro house and dance-punk music producer , DJ and photographer .

question: what country is madrid spain in
answer: Madrid (, ) is the capital and largest city of Spain .

question: What causes rogue waves
answer: Rogue waves seem not to have a single distinct cause, but occur where physical factors such as high winds and strong currents cause waves to merge to create a single exceptionally large wave.

question: what happened to montgomery clift
answer: Later, after a disfiguring car crash in 1956, and alcohol and prescription drug abuse, he became erratic.

question: what caused the world war 2
answer: The main causes of World War II were nationalistic issues, unresolved issues, and resentments resulting from World War I and the interwar period in Europe, in addition to the effects of the Great Depression in the 1930s.

question: what caused the world war 2
answer: The culmination of events that led to the outbreak of war are generally understood to be the 1939 invasion of Poland by Germany and Soviet Russia and the 1937 invasion of the Republic of China by the Empire of Japan .

question: how many people die from myasthenia gravis per year
answer: The disease incidence is 3–30 cases per million per year and rising as a result of increased awareness.

question: how many rooms in borgata hotel
answer: The $1.1 billion casino hotel features 2,002 rooms and is the largest hotel in New Jersey .

question: what country has the most muslims in the world
answer: The largest Muslim country is Indonesia , home to 12.7% of the world's Muslims, followed by Pakistan (11.0%), India (10.9%), and Bangladesh (9.2%).

question: what country is dubai in
answer: Dubai ( ; ', ) is a city in the United Arab Emirates , located within the emirate of the same name.

question: how much of earth is covered ocean water
answer: Approximately 72% of the planet's surface (~3.6x108 km2) is covered by saline water that is customarily divided into several principal oceans and smaller seas, with the ocean covering approximately 71% of the Earth's surface.

question: how is root beer made?
answer: Root beer is a carbonated , sweetened beverage , originally made using the root of a sassafras plant (or the bark of a sassafras tree) as the primary flavor.

question: what does informal logic mean
answer: Informal logic, intuitively, refers to the principles of logic and logical thought outside of a formal setting.

question: what country is turkey in
answer: Turkey (), officially the Republic of Turkey , is a transcontinental country , located mostly on Anatolia in Western Asia and on East Thrace in Southeastern Europe .

question: what country is turkey in
answer: Turkey is bordered by eight countries: Bulgaria to the northwest; Greece to the west; Georgia to the northeast; Armenia , Iran and the Azerbaijani exclave of Nakhchivan to the east; and Iraq and Syria to the southeast.

question: what county is Augusta,GA located in?
answer: Augusta is the principal city of the Augusta – Richmond County Metropolitan Statistical Area , which as of 2010 had an estimated population of 556,877, making it both the second-largest city and the second-largest metro area in the state after Atlanta .

question: how many albums has eminem sold in his career
answer: He has sold more than 100 million records worldwide, including 42 million tracks and 49.1 million albums in the United States.

question: what do pigs eat
answer: Pigs are omnivores and are highly social and intelligent animals.

question: what does a cutter do
answer: In baseball , a cutter, or cut fastball, is a type of fastball which breaks slightly toward the pitcher 's glove side as it reaches home plate .

question: what it takes aerosmith album
answer: "What It Takes" is a power ballad by American hard rock band Aerosmith .

question: what it takes aerosmith album
answer: It was released in 1990 as the third single from Aerosmith's critically and commercially successful 1989 album Pump .

question: what county is erie colorado
answer: Erie is a Statutory Town in Boulder and Weld counties in the U.S. state of Colorado .

question: what classes are considered humanities
answer: The humanities are academic disciplines that study human culture, using methods that are primarily analytical , critical , or speculative , and having a significant historical element, as distinguished from the mainly empirical approaches of the natural sciences .

question: what classes are considered humanities
answer: The humanities include ancient and modern languages , literature , philosophy , religion , and visual and performing arts such as music and theatre .

question: what classes are considered humanities
answer: The humanities that are also regarded as social sciences include history , anthropology , area studies , communication studies , cultural studies , law , economics and linguistics .

question: what classes are considered humanities
answer: Human disciplines like history , cultural anthropology and psychoanalysis study subject matters to which the experimental method does not apply, and they have access instead to the comparative method and comparative research .

question: what does the president of the usa do
answer: The President of the United States of America (POTUS) is the head of state and head of government of the United States .

question: what does the president of the usa do
answer: The president leads the executive branch of the federal government and is the commander-in-chief of the United States Armed Forces .

question: what does the president of the usa do
answer: The president is further empowered to grant federal pardons and reprieves , and to convene and adjourn either or both houses of Congress under extraordinary circumstances.

question: how many seasons of grey's anatomy are there
answer: On May 11, 2012, the series was renewed for a ninth season, which premiered on September 27, 2012.

question: how is schizophrenia diagnosed?
answer: Diagnosis is based on observed behavior and the patient's reported experiences.

question: what kind of cut is tri tip
answer: The tri-tip is a cut of beef from the bottom sirloin primal cut .

question: what kind of cut is tri tip
answer: It is a small triangular muscle , usually 1.5 to 2.5 lbs. (675 to 1,150g) per side of beef.

question: what county is willmar mn in?
answer: Willmar is a city in, and the county seat of, Kandiyohi County , Minnesota , United States .

question: how does weather happen
answer: Weather is driven by air pressure (temperature and moisture) differences between one place and another.

question: how many countries have english as an official language
answer: In 2012, there were 88 states in total (60 sovereign states and 28 non-sovereign states).

question: what countries are in cono sur
answer: Although geographically this includes Southern and part of Southeast ( São Paulo ) of Brazil , in terms of political geography the Southern cone has traditionally comprised Argentina , Chile , Paraguay , and Uruguay .

question: what countries are in cono sur
answer: In the narrowest sense, it only covers Argentina , Chile and Uruguay , bounded on the north by the states of Brazil, Paraguay, Bolivia and Peru, on the west by the Pacific Ocean, and south to the junction between the Pacific and Atlantic Oceans, which it is the closest continental area of Antarctica (1000 km).

question: how many innings makes an official game
answer: Since most professional baseball games are nine innings long, the fifth inning is used as the threshold for an official game.

question: what branch of the military is delta force
answer: It was formerly listed as the Combat Applications Group by the Department of Defense but has since been officially re-designated the Army Compartmented Elements (ACE).

question: what causes the seasons
answer: Seasons result from the yearly revolution of the Earth around the Sun and the tilt of the Earth's axis relative to the plane of revolution.

question: what does 3g network mean
answer: 3G, short for third Generation, is the third generation of mobile telecommunications technology.

question: what does Mazel tov! mean
answer: "good luck") is a phrase used to express congratulations for a happy and significant occasion or event.

question: How Do You Get Hepatitis C
answer: HCV is spread primarily by blood-to-blood contact associated with intravenous drug use , poorly sterilized medical equipment and transfusions .

question: how does flexible spending account work
answer: An FSA allows an employee to set aside a portion of earnings to pay for qualified expenses as established in the cafeteria plan, most commonly for medical expenses but often for dependent care or other expenses.

question: how tennessee became a state
answer: Tennessee was the last state to leave the Union and join the Confederacy at the outbreak of the U.S. Civil War in 1861, and the first state to be readmitted to the Union at the end of the war.

question: how many baseball teams usa
answer: It is composed of 30 teams — 29 in the United States and one in Canada.

question: how does Delaware support its claim to being the first state?
answer: Delaware was one of the 13 colonies participating in the American Revolution and on December 7, 1787, became the first state to ratify the Constitution of the United States , thereby becoming known as The First State.

question: how many amendments in the US constitution
answer: Twenty-seven amendments have been ratified since the original signing of the Constitution, the first ten of which are known collectively as the Bill of Rights .

question: what does fidelity do
answer: Fidelity Investments manages a large family of mutual funds , provides fund distribution and investment advice services, as well as providing discount brokerage services , retirement services, wealth management , securities execution and clearance, life insurance and a number of other services.

question: what causes thunder sound
answer: Thunder is the sound caused by lightning .

question: what causes thunder sound
answer: In turn, this expansion of air creates a sonic shock wave, similar to a sonic boom , which produces the sound of thunder, often referred to as a clap, crack, or peal of thunder.

question: what day is the federal holiday for Martin Luther King Jr.
answer: It is observed on the third Monday of January each year, which is around the time of King's birthday, January 15.

question: what area code is 810
answer: Area code 810 is the telephone area code serving eastern Michigan .

question: how many babies are in a typical raccoon litter
answer: After a gestation period of about 65 days, two to five young, known as "kits", are born in spring.

question: what kind of earthquake was haiti
answer: The 2010 Haiti earthquake was a catastrophic magnitude 7.0 Mw earthquake , with an epicenter near the town of Léogâne ( Ouest Department ), approximately west of Port-au-Prince , Haiti's capital.

question: what kind of horse was mr ed
answer: The stars of the show were Mister Ed, a palomino horse who could "talk", played by gelding Bamboo Harvester and voiced by former Western star Allan Lane (who went uncredited for the entire length of the series), and his owner, an eccentric and enormously klutzy , yet friendly, architect named Wilbur Post ( Alan Young ).

question: What does Rapture meaning in a theological sense?
answer: The Rapture is a term in Christian eschatology which refers to the "being caught up" discussed in 1 Thessalonians 4:17, when the "dead in Christ" and "we who are alive and remain" will be "caught up in the clouds" to meet "the Lord in the air".

question: who does chris humphries play for
answer: Kris Nathan Humphries (born February 6, 1985) is an American professional basketball player with the Brooklyn Nets .

question: what are corporation balance
answer: A balance sheet is often described as a "snapshot of a company's financial condition".

question: what is .17 hmr caliber
answer: .17 Hornady Magnum Rimfire, commonly known as the .17 HMR, is a rimfire rifle cartridge developed by the ammunition company Hornady in 2002.

question: what made the civil war different from others
answer: It remains the deadliest war in American history , resulting in the deaths of an estimated 750,000 soldiers and an undetermined number of civilian casualties.

question: where to buy potato bread made without wheat
answer: It is available as a commercial product in many countries, with similar variations in ingredients, cooking method, and other variables.

question: what year was the 8 track invented
answer: Stereo 8 was created in 1964 by a consortium led by Bill Lear of Lear Jet Corporation, along with Ampex , Ford Motor Company , General Motors , Motorola , and RCA Victor Records (RCA).

question: who killed julius caesar
answer: But the underlying political conflicts had not been resolved, and on the Ides of March (15 March) 44 BC, Caesar was assassinated by a group of senators led by Marcus Junius Brutus .

question: what are  the  official languages of nigeria
answer: The official language of Nigeria, English , the former colonial language, was chosen to facilitate the cultural and linguistic unity of the country.

question: who played guitar on the kiss album, creatures of the night
answer: It is also the band's last album recorded with Ace Frehley credited as an official member (until 1998's Psycho Circus ), and its first album with Vinnie Vincent as the initially uncredited lead guitarist (Vincent would later be credited, but not featured pictorially on the cover, of 1985's reissue of the album ).

question: who wrote white christmas
answer: "White Christmas" is an Irving Berlin song reminiscing about an old-fashioned Christmas setting .

question: what are the different types of cross country skiing
answer: Cross-country skiing is part of the Nordic skiing sport family, which includes ski jumping , Nordic combined (cross-country skiing and ski jumping), Biathlon (skiing and rifle marksmanship ) and ski-orienteering (which includes map navigation along snow trails and tracks).

question: what are use taxes?
answer: A use tax in United States is complementary to sales tax which means, if you buy a Taxable product/services without paying any Sales tax to vendor, you owe use tax.

question: what are use taxes?
answer: Use tax is also termed as "Consumption Tax" or "Consumer Use Tax".

question: what are use taxes?
answer: A use tax is a type of excise tax levied in the United States by numerous state governments.

question: who pulmonary hypertension
answer: It was first identified by Dr. Ernst von Romberg in 1891.

question: what is an array in programming
answer: In computer science , array programming languages (also known as vector or multidimensional languages) generalize operations on scalars to apply transparently to vectors , matrices , and higher dimensional arrays.

question: what is an array in programming
answer: Array programming primitives concisely express broad ideas about data manipulation.

question: when did the cold war start
answer: The Cold War, often dated from 1947 to 1991, was a sustained state of political and military tension between powers in the Western Bloc , dominated by the United States with NATO among its allies, and powers in the Eastern Bloc , dominated by the Soviet Union along with the Warsaw Pact .

question: what state is pike's peak in?
answer: Pikes Peak State Park is a state park of Iowa , USA, featuring a bluff overlooking the Upper Mississippi River opposite the confluence of the Wisconsin River .

question: what state is jakarta in?
answer: Jakarta (), officially known as the Special Capital Region of Jakarta (), is the capital and largest city of Indonesia .

question: what song is sung in 6 foot 7 foot
answer: "6 Foot 7 Foot" (also styled as "6'7") is a song by American rapper Lil Wayne featuring label mate, Cory Gunz .

question: what is a book index
answer: An index (plural: indexes) is a list of words or phrases ('headings') and associated pointers ('locators') to where useful material relating to that heading can be found in a document.

question: who can file suspicious activity report
answer: In United States financial regulation , a suspicious activity report (or SAR) is a report made by a financial institution to the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN), an agency of the United States Department of the Treasury , regarding suspicious or potentially suspicious activity.

question: who created facebook
answer: It was founded in February 2004 by Mark Zuckerberg with his college roommates and fellow Harvard University students Eduardo Saverin , Andrew McCollum , Dustin Moskovitz and Chris Hughes .

question: what are the sulfas
answer: The original antibacterial sulfonamides (sometimes called sulfa drugs or sulpha drugs) are synthetic antimicrobial agents that contain the sulfonamide group.

question: who owns joe's crab shack
answer: Joe's Crab Shack is an American chain of beach-themed seafood casual dining restaurants owned by Ignite Restaurant Group .

question: where do cruises dock in new york city
answer: New York City Cruise Liner Terminal in Hell's Kitchen at 52nd Street .

question: what is a right wing christian
answer: Christian right is a term used in the United States to describe right-wing Christian political groups that are characterized by their strong support of socially conservative policies.

question: what type of batteries are 357 (LR44)
answer: LR44 is the IEC designation for an alkaline 1.5 volt button cell , commonly used in small LED flashlights , digital thermometers , calculators , calipers , watches , clocks , toys and laser pointers .

question: where did hurricane katrina begin
answer: Hurricane Katrina was the deadliest and most destructive Atlantic hurricane of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season .

question: where did hurricane katrina begin
answer: Hurricane Katrina formed over the Bahamas on August 23, 2005 and crossed southern Florida as a moderate Category 1 hurricane , causing some deaths and flooding there before strengthening rapidly in the Gulf of Mexico .

question: what is an assist in basketball
answer: In basketball , an assist is attributed to a player who passes the ball to a teammate in a way that leads to a score by field goal , meaning that he or she was "assisting" in the basket.

question: what is 1 mil guaranies in united states dollars
answer: The mill or mille () (sometimes mil in the UK , when discussing property taxes in the United States , or previously in Cyprus and Malta ) is a now-abstract unit of currency used sometimes in accounting .

question: where did the persian war take place
answer: The Greco-Persian Wars (also often called the Persian Wars) were a series of conflicts between the Achaemenid Empire of Persia and city-states of the Hellenic world that started in 499 BC and lasted until 449 BC.

question: where did the persian war take place
answer: In 494 BC, the Persians regrouped, and attacked the epicentre of the revolt in Miletus.

question: where did the persian war take place
answer: At the Battle of Lade , the Ionians suffered a decisive defeat, and the rebellion collapsed, with the final members being stamped out the following year.

question: where did the persian war take place
answer: Seeking to secure his empire from further revolts and from the interference of the mainland Greeks, Darius embarked on a scheme to conquer Greece and to punish Athens and Eretria for burning Sardis.

question: where did the persian war take place
answer: The actions of the general Pausanias at the siege of Byzantium alienated many of the Greek states from the Spartans, and the anti-Persian alliance was therefore reconstituted around Athenian leadership, as the so-called Delian League .

question: where did the persian war take place
answer: At the Battle of the Eurymedon in 466 BC, the League won a double victory that finally secured freedom for the cities of Ionia.

question: where did the persian war take place
answer: A fleet was sent to Cyprus in 451 BC, but achieved little, and when it withdrew the Greco-Persian Wars drew to a quiet end.

question: when did thomson make the plum-pudding model
answer: The plum pudding model of the atom by J. J. Thomson , who discovered the electron in 1897, was proposed in 1904 before the discovery of the atomic nucleus in order to add the electron to the atomic model.

question: what part of the pig is bacon
answer: It is usually made from side and back cuts of pork, except in the United States, where it is almost always prepared from pork belly (typically referred to as "streaky", "fatty", or "American style" outside of the US and Canada).

question: where did erisa come from
answer: The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) (, codified in part at ) is a federal law which establishes minimum standards for pension plans in private industry and provides for extensive rules on the federal income tax effects of transactions associated with employee benefit plans.

question: where did erisa come from
answer: ERISA was enacted to protect the interests of employee benefit plan participants and their beneficiaries by:

question: what percent of illegal immigrants are from mexico and europe
answer: According to a 2005 Pew Hispanic Center report, 56% of undocumented immigrants were from Mexico ; 22% were from other Latin American countries; 13% were from Asia; 6% were from Europe and Canada; and 3% were from Africa and the rest of the world.

question: what school district is alvin in?
answer: Alvin Independent School District is a school district based in Alvin , Texas ( USA ).

question: what are the houses of hogwarts
answer: Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, shortened Hogwarts, is a fictional British school of magic for students aged eleven to eighteen, and is the primary setting for the first six books in J.K. Rowling 's Harry Potter series.

question: when us subprime mortgage market collapse
answer: The U.S. subprime mortgage crisis was a set of events and conditions that led to a financial crisis and subsequent recession that began in 2008.

question: What kind of personality test is the MBTI
answer: The Myers-Briggs Type Indicator (MBTI) assessment is a psychometric questionnaire designed to measure psychological preferences in how people perceive the world and make decisions.

question: What kind of personality test is the MBTI
answer: The MBTI focuses on normal populations and emphasizes the value of naturally occurring differences.

question: What kind of personality test is the MBTI
answer: Robert Kaplan and Dennis Saccuzzo believe "the underlying assumption of the MBTI is that we all have specific preferences in the way we construe our experiences, and these preferences underlie our interests, needs, values, and motivation" (p. 499).

question: what type of game is heavy rain
answer: Heavy Rain is an interactive drama action-adventure video game created by French developer Quantic Dream exclusively for the PlayStation 3 .

question: what are superannuation contributions?
answer: Superannuation in Australia refers to the arrangements which people make in Australia to have funds available for them in retirement .

question: when does the electoral college votes
answer: The United States Electoral College is the institution that officially elects the President and Vice President of the United States every four years.

question: when barack obama was born
answer: Barack Hussein Obama II (; born August 4, 1961) is the 44th and current President of the United States , the first African American to hold the office.

question: who wrote rhythm of the ancient mariner
answer: The Rime of the Ancient Mariner (originally The Rime of the Ancyent Marinere) is the longest major poem by the English poet Samuel Taylor Coleridge , written in 1797–98 and published in 1798 in the first edition of Lyrical Ballads .

question: what is a .PAC file
answer: A proxy auto-config (PAC) file defines how web browsers and other user agents can automatically choose the appropriate proxy server (access method) for fetching a given URL .

question: what is a .PAC file
answer: A PAC file contains a JavaScript function “FindProxyForURL(url, host)”.

question: what are spoilers for
answer: Some spoilers are added to cars primarily for styling purposes and have either little aerodynamic benefit or even make the aerodynamics worse.

question: who sings i am a man of constant sorrow
answer: "Man of Constant Sorrow" (also known as "I Am A Man of Constant Sorrow") is a traditional American folk song first recorded by Dick Burnett , a partially blind fiddler from Kentucky .

question: who kill franz ferdinand ww1
answer: On 28 June 1914, Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria , heir presumptive to the Austro-Hungarian throne, and his wife, Sophie, Duchess of Hohenberg , were shot dead in Sarajevo , by Gavrilo Princip , one of a group of six Bosnian Serb assassins coordinated by Danilo Ilić .

question: what year did disney's animal kingdom lodge open
answer: It opened on April 16, 2001.

question: what are two languages in Nigeria?
answer: The major languages are Yoruba , Hausa , Igbo , Edo , Fulfulde , Kanuri , and Ibibio .

question: what war led to Pearl Harbor
answer: War between Japan and the United States had been a possibility that each nation's military forces planned for since the 1920s, though real tension did not begin until the 1931 invasion of Manchuria by Japan.

question: what is a mms message
answer: Multimedia Messaging Service (MMS) is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content to and from mobile phones .

question: where in the world are smallpox common
answer: The earliest physical evidence of it is probably the pustular rash on the mummified body of Pharaoh Ramses V of Egypt.

question: what year did the beatles came out with the song i wanna hold your hand
answer: Written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney , and recorded in October 1963, it was the first Beatles record to be made using four-track equipment.

question: what year did the beatles came out with the song i wanna hold your hand
answer: With advance orders exceeding one million copies in the United Kingdom, "I Want to Hold Your Hand" would ordinarily have gone straight to the top of the British record charts on its day of release (29 November 1963) had it not been blocked by the group's first million seller " She Loves You ", the Beatles' previous UK single, which was having a resurgent spell in the top position following intense media coverage of the group.

question: what is a gasser car
answer: A gasser was a type of hot rod originating on the dragstrips of the United States in the late 1950s and continued until the early 1970s.

question: who sang that song-a change is going to come
answer: "A Change Is Gonna Come" is a 1964 single by R&B singer-songwriter Sam Cooke , written and first recorded in 1963 and released under the RCA Victor label shortly after his death in late 1964.

question: what is a form of legal ownership
answer: Ownership of property may be private, collective, or common and the property may be objects , land/real estate , or intellectual property .

question: who wrote what's my name rihanna
answer: The R&B song was produced by the Norwegian production duo StarGate , and was written by the duo along with Ester Dean , Traci Hale , and Drake .

question: what is a constant in math?
answer: A mathematical constant is a special number , usually a real number , that is "significantly interesting in some way".

question: when did abraham lincoln write the emancipation proclamation??
answer: The Emancipation Proclamation was an order issued to all segments of the Executive branch (including the Army and Navy) of the United States by President Abraham Lincoln on January 1, 1863, during the American Civil War .

question: who owns land rover
answer: It is part of the Jaguar Land Rover group, a subsidiary of Tata Motors of India.

question: what states have legalized prostitution
answer: Currently, Nevada is the only state to allow brothel prostitution, the terms of which are stipulated in the Nevada Revised Statutes.

question: what states are on the east coast
answer: The states which have shoreline on the East Coast are, from north to south, the U.S. states of Maine , New Hampshire , Massachusetts , Rhode Island , Connecticut , New York , New Jersey , Delaware , Maryland , Virginia , North Carolina , South Carolina , Georgia , and Florida .

question: when president nixon resigns
answer: Richard Milhous Nixon (January 9, 1913 – April 22, 1994) was the 37th President of the United States , serving from 1969 to 1974, when he became the only president to resign the office.

question: when did sertraline come on the market
answer: It was introduced to the market by Pfizer in 1991.

question: when did secretariat win
answer: Secretariat (March 30, 1970 – October 4, 1989) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse that in 1973 became the first U.S. Triple Crown champion in 25 years.

question: what are batteries made up of
answer: Automotive SLI batteries are usually lead-acid type, and are made of six galvanic cells in series to provide a 12 volt system.

question: what are batteries made up of
answer: Lead-acid batteries are made up of plates of lead and separate plates of lead dioxide , which are submerged into an electrolyte solution of about 38% sulfuric acid and 62% water .

question: what is a full job time??
answer: Full-time employment is employment in which a person works a minimum number of hours defined as such by his/her employer.

question: what people used mayan numeral system
answer: Maya numerals are a vigesimal ( base - twenty ) numeral system used by the Pre-Columbian Maya civilization .

question: who plays as big bird
answer: Officially performed by Caroll Spinney since 1969, he is an eight-foot two-inch (249 cm) tall bright primrose-yellow bird.

question: who plays as big bird
answer: He lives in a large nest behind the 123 Sesame Street brownstone and has a teddy bear named Radar.

question: who accompanied King louis the VII of France on the second crusade
answer: The Second Crusade was announced by Pope Eugene III , and was the first of the crusades to be led by European kings, namely Louis VII of France and Conrad III of Germany , with help from a number of other European nobles.

question: who founded walmart
answer: The company was founded by Sam Walton in 1962, incorporated on October 31, 1969, and publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange in 1972.

question: when did gary moore die
answer: Robert William Gary Moore (4 April 1952 – 6 February 2011), was a Northern Irish musician, most widely recognised as a singer and guitarist.

question: what is a hosting company on a website
answer: A web hosting service is a type of Internet hosting service that allows individuals and organizations to make their website accessible via the World Wide Web .

question: who won antm cycle 12
answer: The winner was 20-year-old Teyona Anderson from Woodstown, New Jersey .

question: who owns exxon mobil
answer: It is a direct descendant of John D. Rockefeller 's Standard Oil company, and was formed on November 30, 1999, by the merger of Exxon and Mobil .

question: who built the globe
answer: It was built in 1599 by Shakespeare's playing company , the Lord Chamberlain's Men , on land owned by Thomas Brend and inherited by his son, Nicholas Brend and grandson Sir Matthew Brend , and was destroyed by fire on 29 June 1613.

question: what are warehouse spreadsheets used for
answer: The data stored in the warehouse are uploaded from the operational systems (such as marketing, sales etc., shown in the figure to the right).

question: what are warehouse spreadsheets used for
answer: The data may pass through an operational data store for additional operations before they are used in the DW for reporting.

question: what are warehouse spreadsheets used for
answer: The access layer helps users retrieve data.

question: what is a rock quarry
answer: A quarry is a type of open-pit mine from which rock or minerals are extracted.

question: Who Started the Mormon Church
answer: Mormons () are a religious and cultural group related to Mormonism , the principal branch of the Latter Day Saint movement of Restorationist Christianity , which began with the visions of Joseph Smith in upstate New York during the 1820s.

question: who won the 2009 super bowl
answer: The Steelers defeated the Cardinals by the score of 27–23.

question: what are the characteristics of bryophytes
answer: Some bryophytes do have specialized tissues for the transport of water; however since these do not contain lignin , they are not considered to be true vascular tissue.

question: when did xbox release
answer: It was released on November 15, 2001 in North America, February 22, 2002 in Japan, and March 14, 2002 in Australia and Europe.

question: what is a roll play games
answer: A role-playing game (RPG and sometimes roleplaying game) is a game in which players assume the roles of characters in a fictional setting .

question: when did the civil war start and where
answer: The American Civil War (ACW), also known as the War between the States or simply the Civil War (see naming ), was a civil war fought from 1861 to 1865 between the United States (the "Union" or the "North") and several Southern slave states that declared their secession and formed the Confederate States of America (the "Confederacy" or the "South").

question: What are the busiest airports in the world
answer: The definition of the world's busiest airport has been specified by the Airports Council International in Geneva, Switzerland.

question: where the streets have no name filming location
answer: The song was notably performed on a Los Angeles rooftop for the filming of its music video, which won a Grammy Award for Best Performance Music Video .Recently the song has been used by the NFL's Baltimore Ravens as their entrance song in Super Bowl XLVII

question: where did the mayflower land
answer: The Mayflower was the ship that in 1620 transported 102 English Pilgrims , including a core group of Separatists , to New England.

question: what is a forward in soccer
answer: Forwards, also known as strikers, are the players on a team in association football who play nearest to the opposing team's goal, and are therefore principally responsible for scoring goals.

question: WHO QUALIFIES AS A DOMESTIC PARTNER IN CA
answer: A California domestic partnership is a legal relationship available to same-sex couples, and to certain opposite-sex couples in which at least one party is at least 18 years of age.

question: where did mark jackson play pro basketball?
answer: A point guard from St. John's University , he played for the New York Knicks , Indiana Pacers , Los Angeles Clippers , Denver Nuggets , Toronto Raptors , Utah Jazz and Houston Rockets in the NBA in a career spanning from 1987 to 2004.

question: what languages are spoken in south africa
answer: South Africa has eleven official languages : Afrikaans , English , Ndebele , Northern Sotho , Sotho , Swazi , Tswana , Tsonga , Venda , Xhosa and Zulu .

question: what languages are spoken in south africa
answer: The English version of the South African constitution refers to the languages by the names in those languages: isiZulu , isiXhosa , Afrikaans , Sepedi (referring to Northern Sotho), Setswana , English , Sesotho (referring to Southern Sotho), Xitsonga , Siswati , Tshivenda and isiNdebele (referring to Southern Ndebele).

question: Who controlled Alaska before US?
answer: Alaska was purchased from Russia on March 30, 1867, for $7.2 million ($ adjusted for inflation) at approximately two cents per acre ($4.74/km2).

question: what are stink bombs made of
answer: One is "US Government Standard Bathroom Malodor"; a mixture of eight chemicals with a stench resembling human feces, only much stronger, designed to test the efficacy of deodorizers and air fresheners .

question: what are stink bombs made of
answer: Another one, " Who me? ", is a mixture of five sulfur-containing chemicals and smells like rotting food and carcasses.

question: who said "A picture is worth a thousand words"?
answer: It's worth a thousand words." appears in a 1911 newspaper article quoting newspaper editor Arthur Brisbane discussing journalism and publicity.

question: who produced loyal to the game?
answer: Released in the United States on December 14, 2004 (December 12 in the United Kingdom ), Loyal to the Game was produced by Eminem .

question: who does afge represent
answer: The American Federation of Government Employees (AFGE) is an American labor union representing over 650,000 employees of the federal government , about 5,000 employees of the District of Columbia , and a few hundred private sector employees, mostly in and around federal facilities.

question: what teams won super bowl
answer: The Pittsburgh Steelers have won the most Super Bowls with six championships (record 6–2), while both the Dallas Cowboys and San Francisco 49ers have five wins each (Cowboys 5–3; 49ers 5–1).

question: who wrote puff the magic dragon
answer: "Puff, the Magic Dragon" is a song written by Leonard Lipton and Peter Yarrow , and made popular by Yarrow's group Peter, Paul and Mary in a 1963 recording.

question: when did expos become nationals
answer: After being purchased by MLB in 2002, the team was moved before the season to Washington and renamed the Nationals, the first relocation since the second Washington Senators moved to Arlington, Texas , and became the Texas Rangers in .

question: what is a contingent fee with an attorney
answer: In the law , it is defined as a "fee charged for a lawyer's services only if the lawsuit is successful or is favorably settled out of court....

question: what is a vetting process
answer: Vetting is the process of performing a background check on someone before offering them employment, conferring an award, etc.

question: who reports the consumer price index
answer: The CPI in the United States is defined by the Bureau of Labor Statistics as "a measure of the average change over time in the prices paid by urban consumers for a market basket of consumer goods and services."

question: where does the expression "knocking on wood" come from
answer: Knocking on wood, or to touch wood, refers to the apotropaic tradition in western folklore of literally touching/knocking on wood, or merely stating that you are doing or intend same, in order to avoid " tempting fate " after making a favourable observation, a boast, or declaration concerning one's own death.

question: what are rocker arms?
answer: Generally referred to within the context of the internal combustion engine of automotive, marine, motorcycle and reciprocating aviation engines, the rocker arm is an oscillating lever that conveys radial movement from the cam lobe into linear movement at the poppet valve to open it.

question: who sang the nights the lights went out
answer: "The Night the Lights Went Out in Georgia" is a Southern Gothic song written by songwriter Bobby Russell and performed in 1972 by his then-wife Vicki Lawrence .

question: who sang the nights the lights went out
answer: Reba McEntire later covered it in 1991.

question: where does the return address go on mail
answer: In some countries, the return address is conventionally located in the upper left hand corner of the envelope , card, or label.

question: where does the return address go on mail
answer: In the United Kingdom , the return address is usually placed on the reverse of the envelope, near the top.

question: what is a synthetic conduit
answer: A nerve guidance conduit (also referred to as an artificial nerve conduit or artificial nerve graft, as opposed to an autograft ) is an artificial means of guiding axonal regrowth to facilitate nerve regeneration and is one of several clinical treatments for nerve injuries .

question: what is amoxicillin for?
answer: Amoxicillin ( INN ), formerly amoxycillin ( BAN ), and abbreviated amox, is a moderate-spectrum, bacteriolytic, β-lactam antibiotic used to treat bacterial infections caused by susceptible microorganisms .

question: what state was the civil war in
answer: The American Civil War (ACW), also known as the War between the States or simply the Civil War (see naming ), was a civil war fought from 1861 to 1865 between the United States (the "Union" or the "North") and several Southern slave states that declared their secession and formed the Confederate States of America (the "Confederacy" or the "South").

question: where did the early humans live?
answer: Homo erectus and Homo ergaster were the first of the hominina to leave Africa, and these species spread through Africa, Asia, and Europe between .

question: where did the early humans live?
answer: According to the Recent African Ancestry theory , modern humans evolved in Africa possibly from Homo heidelbergensis , Homo rhodesiensis or Homo antecessor and migrated out of the continent some 50,000 to 100,000 years ago, replacing local populations of Homo erectus, Homo denisova , Homo floresiensis and Homo neanderthalensis.

question: what year was gulf war
answer: The Gulf War (2 August 1990 – 28 February 1991), codenamed Operation Desert Storm (17 January 1991 – 28 February 1991) was a war waged by a U.N.-authorized Coalition force from 34 nations led by the United States , against Iraq in response to Iraq's invasion and annexation of Kuwait .

question: What U.S. President's head has been featured on the nickel (five-cent coin) since 1938?
answer: The Buffalo nickel was introduced in 1913 as part of a drive to increase the beauty of American coinage; in 1938, the Jefferson nickel followed.

question: When did F15s first fly
answer: The Eagle first flew in July 1972, and entered service in 1976.

question: where did columbus really land in 1492?
answer: During his first voyage in 1492, instead of reaching Japan as he had intended, Columbus landed in the Bahamas archipelago , at a locale he named San Salvador.

question: what is a brindle boxer
answer: The coat is smooth and tight-fitting; colors are fawn or brindled , with or without white markings, which may cover the entire body.

question: what are SATA Power Connector
answer: Serial ATA (SATA) is a computer bus interface that connects host bus adapters to mass storage devices such as hard disk drives and optical drives .

question: what are SATA Power Connector
answer: Serial ATA replaces the older AT Attachment standard (ATA; later referred to as Parallel ATA or PATA), offering several advantages over the older interface: reduced cable size and cost (seven conductors instead of 40), native hot swapping , faster data transfer through higher signalling rates, and more efficient transfer through an (optional) I/O queuing protocol.

question: who invented the internet
answer: The public was first introduced to the concepts that would lead to the Internet when a message was sent over the ARPANet from computer science Professor Leonard Kleinrock's laboratory at University of California, Los Angeles ( UCLA ), after the second piece of network equipment was installed at Stanford Research Institute ( SRI ).

question: What kind of poem is "This is Just to Say"
answer: "This Is Just To Say" (1934) is a famous imagist poem by William Carlos Williams .

question: who played dumbledore in harry potter
answer: Dumbledore is portrayed by Richard Harris in the film adaptions of Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone and Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets .

question: who played dumbledore in harry potter
answer: After Harris' death, Michael Gambon portrayed Dumbledore for all of the remaining films.

question: what produces calcitonin
answer: Calcitonin (also known as thyrocalcitonin) is a 32-amino acid linear polypeptide hormone that is produced in humans primarily by the parafollicular cells (also known as C-cells) of the thyroid , and in many other animals in the ultimobranchial body .

question: who hit the first home run at riverfront stadium?
answer: On June 30, 1970, the Reds hosted the Atlanta Braves in their grand opening, with Hank Aaron hitting the first ever home run at Riverfront.

question: Who Makes Nexen Tires
answer: Nexen Tire is a tire manufacturer, headquartered in Yangsan , South Gyeongsang Province , and Seoul , both in South Korea .

question: who did richard nixon refer to as the  silent majority
answer: The term was popularized (though not first used) by U.S. President Richard Nixon in a November 3, 1969, speech in which he said, "And so tonight—to you, the great silent majority of my fellow Americans—I ask for your support."

question: who did richard nixon refer to as the  silent majority
answer: In this usage it referred to those Americans who did not join in the large demonstrations against the Vietnam War at the time, who did not join in the counterculture , and who did not participate in public discourse.

question: what year did the last monkeys go into space
answer: The Soviet Union and Russia launched monkeys between 1983 and 1996.

question: what are grits made from
answer: Modern grits are commonly made of alkali-treated corn known as hominy .

question: when did coca cola first come out
answer: Originally intended as a patent medicine when it was invented in the late 19th century by John Pemberton , Coca-Cola was bought out by businessman Asa Griggs Candler , whose marketing tactics led Coke to its dominance of the world soft-drink market throughout the 20th century.

question: what role do ombudsman play in the swedish government?
answer: An ombudsman is an official, usually appointed by the government or by parliament but with a significant degree of independence, who is charged with representing the interests of the public by investigating and addressing complaints of maladministration or violation of rights.

question: what state is new england in
answer: New England is a region in the northeastern corner of the United States consisting of the six states of Maine , New Hampshire , Vermont , Massachusetts , Rhode Island , and Connecticut .

question: who played batman in dark knight
answer: Christian Bale reprises the lead role of Bruce Wayne/Batman, with a returning cast of Michael Caine as Alfred Pennyworth , Gary Oldman as James Gordon and Morgan Freeman as Lucius Fox .

question: who shot franz ferdinand
answer: On 28 June 1914, Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria , heir presumptive to the Austro-Hungarian throne, and his wife, Sophie, Duchess of Hohenberg , were shot dead in Sarajevo , by Gavrilo Princip , one of a group of six Bosnian Serb assassins coordinated by Danilo Ilić .

question: what are the three ossicles
answer: The ossicles (also called auditory ossicles) are the three smallest bones in the human body, the malleus , the incus and the stapes .

question: what year did martin luther king die
answer: Martin Luther King, Jr. (January 15, 1929 – April 4, 1968) was an American clergyman, activist, and leader in the African-American Civil Rights Movement .

question: what to make with linen
answer: Many products are made of linen: aprons, bags, towels (swimmers, bath, beach, body and wash towels), napkins, bed linens, linen tablecloths, runners, chair covers, and men's & women's wear.

question: what spanish speaking countries have the most world cup titles
answer: The other World Cup winners are Italy , with four titles; Germany , with three titles; Argentina and inaugural winners Uruguay , with two titles each; and England , France , and Spain , with one title each.

question: who composed the Singapore national anthem
answer: Composed by Zubir Said in 1958 as a theme song for official functions of the City Council of Singapore, the song was selected in 1959 as the island's anthem when it attained self-government .

question: what south dakota county is wakonda in
answer: Wakonda is a town in Clay County , South Dakota , United States .

question: what are american people of japanese descent called
answer: are American people of Japanese heritage .

question: what are american people of japanese descent called
answer: Japanese Americans have historically been among the three largest Asian American communities, but in recent decades, it has become the sixth largest group at roughly 1,304,286, including those of mixed-race or mixed-ethnicity.

question: when does v start
answer: V is an American science fiction television series that ran for two seasons on ABC , from November 3, 2009 to March 15, 2011.

question: what is a bus adapter in a computer?
answer: In computer hardware , a host controller, host adapter, or host bus adapter (HBA) connects a host system (the computer ) to other network and storage devices.

question: where does cashmere come from
answer: Cashmere wool, usually simply known as cashmere, is a fiber obtained from Cashmere goats and other types of goat .

question: Who invented egg rolls
answer: 2__Egg_roll __ Varieties of egg rolls are found in mainland China , many Chinese-speaking regions of Asia, and Chinese immigrant communities around the world.

question: what westerners include in pain and suffering
answer: Pain and suffering is the legal term for the physical and emotional stress caused from an injury (see also pain and suffering ).

question: what westerners include in pain and suffering
answer: Some damages that might be under this category would be: aches, temporary and permanent limitations on activity, potential shortening of life, depression or scarring .

question: what is a medallion guarantee
answer: It is a guarantee by the transferring financial institution that the signature is genuine and the financial institution accepts liability for any forgery.

question: what is a medallion guarantee
answer: They also limit the liability of the transfer agent who accepts the certificates.

question: who wrote the song in the mood
answer: "In the Mood" is a big band era #1 hit recorded by American bandleader Glenn Miller .

question: what is "thin film" technology
answer: A thin film is a layer of material ranging from fractions of a nanometer ( monolayer ) to several micrometers in thickness.

question: what zones are tropical
answer: The tropics is a region of the Earth surrounding the Equator .

question: when does air bag deploy
answer: It is an occupant restraint system consisting of a flexible fabric envelope or cushion designed to inflate rapidly during an automobile collision .

question: what are some chinese inventions
answer: China has been the source of many inventions , including the Four Great Inventions : papermaking , the compass , gunpowder , and printing (both woodblock and movable type ).

question: what are some chinese inventions
answer: The Chinese invented technologies involving mechanics , hydraulics , and mathematics applied to horology , metallurgy , astronomy , agriculture , engineering , music theory , craftsmanship , nautics , and warfare .

question: who sung the banana boat song
answer: "Day-O (The Banana Boat Song)" is a traditional Jamaican mento folk song, the best-known version of which was sung by Harry Belafonte and an alternate version interspersed with another Jamaican folksong , Hill and Gully Rider, by Dame Shirley Bassey .

question: when did wwi begin
answer: World War I (WWI) was a global war centred in Europe that began on 28 July 1914 and lasted until 11 November 1918.

question: what year did keeping up with the kardashians begin
answer: Keeping Up with the Kardashians (often referred to simply as The Kardashians) is an American reality television series that premiered on October 14, 2007, on E! .

question: what two empires fought to control afghanistan
answer: In the late 19th century, Afghanistan became a buffer state in the " Great Game " between the British and Russian empires.

question: what triggered the civil war
answer: The war had its origin in the issue of slavery , especially the extension of slavery into the western territories.

question: what is a store confectioner
answer: A confectionery store (more commonly referred to as a sweet shop in the United Kingdom, a candy store in the North America, or a lolly shop in Australia) sells confectionery and is usually targeted to children.

question: what is a store confectioner
answer: Most confectionery stores are filled with an assortment of sweets far larger than a grocer or convenience store could accommodate.

question: what are tires made of
answer: The materials of modern pneumatic tires are synthetic rubber , natural rubber , fabric and wire, along with carbon black and other chemical compounds.

question: who killed general warren in bunker hill
answer: Rather than exercising his rank, Warren served in the battle as a private soldier, and was killed in combat when British troops stormed the redoubt atop Breed's Hill .

question: where do women ejeculation exactly coming from
answer: Female ejaculation is the expulsion of fluid by human females from the paraurethral ducts through and around the female urethra during or before an orgasm .

question: who won the women's world cup
answer: Japan won the 2011 tournament in a penalty shootout.

question: who owns smirnoff
answer: Smirnoff is a brand of vodka owned and produced by the British company Diageo .

question: who wrote serenity prayer
answer: The Serenity Prayer is the common name for an originally untitled prayer by the American theologian Reinhold Niebuhr (1892–1971).

question: what are the Declaration and Resolves of the First Continental Congress about
answer: The Declaration and Resolves of the First Continental Congress (also known as the Declaration of Colonial Rights, or the Declaration of Rights), was a statement adopted by the First Continental Congress on October 14, 1774, in response to the Intolerable Acts passed by the British Parliament .

question: what are the Declaration and Resolves of the First Continental Congress about
answer: The Declaration outlined colonial objections to the Intolerable Acts, listed a colonial bill of rights , and provided a detailed list of grievances.

question: what are the Declaration and Resolves of the First Continental Congress about
answer: It was similar to the Declaration of Rights and Grievances , passed by the Stamp Act Congress a decade earlier.

question: what is a bad beat in poker
answer: In poker , bad beat is a subjective term for a hand in which a player with what appear to be strong cards nevertheless loses.

question: what part of beef are rouladen cut from?
answer: The cut is usually topside beef or silverside since this is the cheaper cut.

question: where does cellular respiration occur
answer: Cellular respiration is the set of the metabolic reactions and processes that take place in the cells of organisms to convert biochemical energy from nutrients into adenosine triphosphate (ATP), and then release waste products.

question: what is a lapping machine
answer: Lapping is a machining process, in which two surfaces are rubbed together with an abrasive between them, by hand movement or by way of a machine.

question: who plays ethan in my babysitter's a vampire
answer: The show follows Ethan Morgan ( Matthew Knight ), who, in the television film, learns that his babysitter Sarah ( Vanessa Morgan ) is a vampire .

question: what is a base SI unit
answer: The seven SI base units and the interdependency of their definitions: for example, to extract the definition of the metre from the speed of light , the definition of the second must be known while the ampere and candela are both dependent on the definition of energy which in turn is defined in terms of length , mass and time .

question: what state is area code 419
answer: North American telephone area codes 419 and 567 serve the northwest quadrant of the U.S. state of Ohio .

question: what is 9/11 bombings
answer: The September 11 attacks (also referred to as September 11, September 11th, or 9/11) were a series of four coordinated terrorist attacks launched by the Islamic terrorist group al-Qaeda upon the United States in New York City and the Washington, D.C. area on September 11, 2001.

question: what are social security taxes
answer: Tax deposits are formally entrusted to the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund, the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund, the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund, or the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund which comprise the Social Security Trust Fund .

question: what town is laurel hollow ny in
answer: Laurel Hollow is a village in the Town of Oyster Bay in Nassau County, New York in the United States .

question: when did charles dickens live
answer: Charles John Huffam Dickens (; 7 February 1812 – 9 June 1870) was an English writer and social critic.

question: when did the civil rights movement begin
answer: The civil rights movement was a series of worldwide political movements for equality before the law that peaked in the 1960s.

question: who won fifa world cup 2010
answer: In the final, Spain , the European champions , defeated third-time finalists the Netherlands 1–0 after extra time , with Andrés Iniesta 's goal in the 116th minute giving Spain their first world title, becoming the eighth nation to win the tournament, and the first European nation to win the tournament outside its home continent.

question: when did egg mcmuffin get invented
answer: The Egg McMuffin is the signature breakfast sandwich; it was invented by the late McDonald's franchisee Herb Peterson in the late 1960s and was introduced nationwide in 1972.

question: who shot john lennon?
answer: He was shot by Mark David Chapman at the entrance of the building where he lived, The Dakota , in New York City on 8 December 1980.

question: what state is new orleans in
answer: New Orleans ( or , locally or ; ) is a major United States port and the largest city and metropolitan area in the state of Louisiana .

question: what where the most important factors that led to the defeat of the democrates in 1968?
answer: It was a wrenching national experience, conducted during a year of violence that included the assassination of civil rights leader Martin Luther King, Jr. , and subsequent race riots across the nation, the assasination of Democratic presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy , widespread opposition to the Vietnam War across university campuses, and violent confrontations between police and anti-war protesters at the 1968 Democratic National Convention as the Democratic party split again and again.

question: when did kurt cobain kill himself
answer: On April 8, 1994, Cobain was found dead at his home in Seattle , the victim of what was officially ruled a suicide by a self-inflicted shotgun wound to the head.

question: what is a millwright worker
answer: A millwright is a craftsman or tradesman engaged with the construction and maintenance of machinery .

question: what the names of destiny's child
answer: Destiny's Child was an American R&B girl group whose final, and perhaps most recognizable, line-up comprised Beyoncé Knowles , Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams .

question: who created the tourbillon movement?
answer: Developed around 1795 by the French-Swiss watchmaker Abraham-Louis Breguet from an earlier idea by the English chronometer maker John Arnold , a tourbillon aims to counter the effects of gravity by mounting the escapement and balance wheel in a rotating cage, to negate the effect of gravity when the timepiece (thus the escapement) is stuck in a certain position.

question: what is an .msi file
answer: The Windows Installer (previously known as Microsoft Installer) is a software component used for the installation, maintenance, and removal of software on modern Microsoft Windows systems.

question: what is a Four Lokos
answer: Four Loko is a line of alcoholic beverages , originally marketed as energy drinks , sold by Phusion Projects of Chicago, Illinois .

question: what is a fret on a guitar
answer: A fret is a raised element on the neck of a stringed instrument .

question: what is an agents job role in film
answer: A talent agent, or booking agent, is a person who finds jobs for actors , authors , film directors , musicians , models , producers, professional athletes , writers and other people in various entertainment businesses.

question: what is an agents job role in film
answer: An agent also defends, supports and promotes the interest of his/her clients.

question: who discovered the 2 moons of mars,Phobos and Deimos
answer: Both satellites were discovered in 1877 by Asaph Hall and are named after the characters Phobos (panic/fear) and Deimos (terror/dread) who, in Greek mythology , accompanied their father Ares , god of war, into battle.

question: WHAT IS A LAW ENFORCEMENT MURDER BOOK
answer: In law enforcement parlance, the term murder book refers to the case file of a murder investigation.

question: when album love always released
answer: Love Always is the debut album of American R&B duo K-Ci & JoJo , released on June 17, 1997, by MCA Records .

question: who killed robert kennedy
answer: Sirhan Sirhan , a 24-year-old Palestinian / Jordanian immigrant , was convicted of Kennedy's murder and is serving a life sentence for the crime.

question: when Harry met Sally case
answer: The film raises the question "Can men and women ever just be friends?" and advances many ideas about relationships that became household concepts, such as those of the "" girlfriend and the "transitional person".

question: who owns hamburger helper
answer: It is made by General Mills .

question: what makes a dwarf planet
answer: A dwarf planet is a planetary-mass object that is neither a planet nor a satellite .

question: what makes a dwarf planet
answer: More explicitly, the International Astronomical Union (IAU) defines a dwarf planet as a celestial body in direct orbit of the Sun that is massive enough for its shape to be controlled by gravitation , but that unlike a planet has not cleared its orbital region of other objects.

question: when did jack lalanne die
answer: Francois Henri "Jack" LaLanne (September 26, 1914 - January 23, 2011) was an American fitness , exercise , and nutritional expert and motivational speaker who is sometimes called "the godfather of fitness" and the "first fitness superhero."

question: who made the original care bears
answer: The Care Bears are characters created by American Greetings in 1981 for use on greeting cards .

question: what states does interstate 70 travel through
answer: Interstate 70 (I-70) is an Interstate Highway in the United States that runs from Interstate 15 near Cove Fort, Utah , to a Park and Ride near Baltimore, Maryland .

question: when do solar eclipses happen?
answer: As seen from the Earth , a solar eclipse occurs when the Moon passes between the Sun and Earth, and the Moon fully or partially blocks (" occults ") the Sun.

question: where do mangos come from
answer: The mango is native to South Asia , from where it has been distributed worldwide to become one of the most cultivated fruits in the tropics .

question: what latitude is tropic of cancer
answer: It currently (Year 2013) lies at 23° 26′ 15.143′′ north of the Equator.

question: what video format will play in a DVD player
answer: Discs using the DVD-Video specification require a DVD drive and an H.262/MPEG-2 Part 2 decoder (e.g., a DVD player, or a computer DVD drive with a software DVD player).

question: what part of the government governs the US post office?
answer: The United States Postal Service (USPS), also known as the Post Office and U.S. Mail, is an independent agency of the United States federal government responsible for providing postal service in the United States.

question: what state is the capital in
answer: Washington, D.C. has been the capital of the United States since 1800.

question: what are square diamonds called?
answer: The face-up shape of the princess cut is square or rectangular and the profile or side-on shape is similar to that of an inverted pyramid with four beveled sides.

question: what is a dogs classification
answer: The domestic dog (Canis lupus familiaris) is a subspecies of the gray wolf (Canis lupus), a member of the Canidae family of the mammalian order Carnivora .

question: who owns popeyes chicken
answer: Often referred to as Popeyes and sometimes as Popeyes Chicken & Biscuits or Popeyes Chicken & Seafood, It was acquired by Sandy Springs, Georgia -based AFC Enterprises , originally America's Favorite Chicken Company, in 1993.

question: what nationality is wendy williams
answer: Wendy Williams Hunter (born Wendy Joan Williams; July 18, 1964) is an American media personality , actress and author.

question: who said give me liberty or give me death
answer: Patrick Henry "Treason" speech before the House of Burgesses in an 1851 painting by Peter F. Rothermel

question: who said give me liberty or give me death
answer: "Give me liberty, or give me death!" is a quotation attributed to Patrick Henry from a speech he made to the Virginia Convention .

question: what president was theodore roosevelt
answer: Roosevelt, Jr. ( ; October 27, 1858—January 6, 1919) was the 26th President of the United States (1901–1909).

question: who starred in webster
answer: The show stars Emmanuel Lewis in the title role as a young boy who, after losing his parents, is adopted by his NFL -pro godfather, portrayed by Alex Karras , and his new socialite wife, played by Susan Clark .

question: what is adem disease
answer: Acute disseminated encephalomyelitis (ADEM) is an immune mediated disease of the brain .

question: what is adem disease
answer: It usually occurs following a viral infection but may appear following vaccination , bacterial or parasitic infection, or even appear spontaneously.

question: who created bing
answer: Bing (known previously as Live Search, Windows Live Search, and MSN Search) is a web search engine (advertised as a " decision engine ") from Microsoft .

question: who made hubble telescope
answer: The HST was built by the United States space agency NASA , with contributions from the European Space Agency , and is operated by the Space Telescope Science Institute .

question: what are anti inflammatories
answer: Anti-inflammatory refers to the property of a substance or treatment that reduces inflammation .

question: when did andrea doria sink
answer: Pronounced was an ocean liner for the Italian Line (Società di navigazione Italia) home ported in Genoa , Italy, most famous for its sinking in 1956, when 52 people died (51 from immediate impact).

question: what are dialysis tubes
answer: Dialysis tubing is a type of semi- or partially permeable membrane tubing made from regenerated cellulose or cellophane .

question: what are four thirds cameras
answer: The Four Thirds system is a standard created by Olympus and Kodak for digital single-lens reflex camera (DSLR) design and development.<ref name='DPReview.com 2001-02-13'>

question: who wrote  nature boy
answer: "Nature Boy" is a song by Eden Ahbez , published in 1947.

question: when did playstation 3 first launch
answer: The launch of the PlayStation 3 into the Japanese market on 10 November 2006 marked the second major seventh generation entertainment system to be released.

question: where does ground pepper come from
answer: Black pepper (Piper nigrum) is a flowering vine in the family Piperaceae , cultivated for its fruit , which is usually dried and used as a spice and seasoning .

question: where does ground pepper come from
answer: Black pepper is native to south India , and is extensively cultivated there and elsewhere in tropical regions.

question: where does ground pepper come from
answer: Currently Vietnam is the world's largest producer and exporter of pepper, producing 34% of the world's Piper nigrum crop as of 2008.

question: who wrote the song cocaine
answer: "Cocaine" is a song written and recorded by JJ Cale in 1976, but also known as a cover version recorded by Eric Clapton .

question: when did pearl harbor get bombed
answer: The attack on Pearl Harbor (called Hawaii Operation or Operation AI by the Japanese Imperial General Headquarters (Operation Z in planning) and the Battle of Pearl Harbor) was a surprise military strike conducted by the Imperial Japanese Navy against the United States naval base at Pearl Harbor , Hawaii, on the morning of December 7, 1941 (December 8 in Japan).

question: who won season 2 of project runway
answer: The winning designer, Chloe Dao , received $100,000 in seed money to help launch her own line, a 2007 Saturn Sky roadster, a spread in ELLE magazine, and a mentorship with the Banana Republic Design Team.

question: what is a mule in coins
answer: In numismatics , a mule is a coin or medal minted with obverse and reverse designs not normally seen on the same piece.

question: who plays mary poppins in the movie
answer: Mary Poppins is a 1964 musical film starring Julie Andrews , Dick Van Dyke , David Tomlinson , and Glynis Johns , produced by Walt Disney , and based on the Mary Poppins books series by P. L. Travers .

question: what is an arc in a story plot
answer: A story arc is an extended or continuing storyline in episodic storytelling media such as television , comic books , comic strips , boardgames , video games , and in some cases, films .

question: when does black friday start for christmas
answer: Black Friday is the day following Thanksgiving Day in the United States , often regarded as the beginning of the Christmas shopping season.

question: when does black friday start for christmas
answer: This was taken to a new extreme in 2011, when several retailers (including Target , Kohl's , Macy's , Best Buy , and Bealls ) opened at midnight for the first time.

question: when does black friday start for christmas
answer: In 2012, Walmart and several other retailers announced that they would open most of their stores at 8:00 p.m. on Thanksgiving Day (except in states where opening on Thanksgiving is prohibited due to blue laws , such as Massachusetts where they still opened around midnight), prompting calls for a walkout among some workers.

question: who sang what a wonderful world
answer: It was first recorded by Louis Armstrong and released as a single in 1967.

question: what month is the president inaugurated
answer: The day a presidential inauguration occurs is known as "Inauguration Day" and occurs on January 20 (or 21st if the 20th is a Sunday).

question: what movement was elizabeth cady stanton a part of
answer: Elizabeth Cady Stanton (November 12, 1815 – October 26, 1902) was an American social activist , abolitionist, and leading figure of the early women's rights movement .

question: what movement was elizabeth cady stanton a part of
answer: Her Declaration of Sentiments , presented at the first women's rights convention held in 1848 in Seneca Falls , New York , is often credited with initiating the first organized women's rights and women's suffrage movements in the United States.

question: what radio station are the boston bruins on?
answer: The Boston Bruins Radio Network is a 25-station (17 A.M., 8 F.M. plus 2 F.M. translators) CBS Radio network which carries live game broadcasts of the Boston Bruins .

question: what radio station are the boston bruins on?
answer: The network's flagship station is WBZ-FM /98.5- Boston, Massachusetts .

question: what are the characteristics of an ethnic group
answer: Ethnicity or ethnic group is a socially defined category based on common culture or nationality .

question: what are the characteristics of an ethnic group
answer: Ethnicity can, but does not have to, include common ancestry , appearance , cuisine , dressing style, heritage , history , language or dialect , religion , symbols , traditions , or other cultural factor.

question: what are the characteristics of an ethnic group
answer: Ethnic identity is constantly reinforced through common characteristics which set the group apart from other groups.

question: what are add ons
answer: Plug-in (computing) , a piece of software which enhances another software application and usually cannot be run independently

question: what are add ons
answer: Browser extension , which modifies the interface and/or behavior of web browsers

question: what are add ons
answer: Add-on (Mozilla) , a piece of software that enhances and customizes Mozilla-based applications

question: what are add ons
answer: Add-ons for Firefox (addons.mozilla.org), the official Mozilla Foundation web site which serves as a repository of add-ons for Mozilla-based applications

question: what are add ons
answer: Peripheral , an optional computer hardware component that significantly supplements or enhances the functionality of the original unit

question: what are add ons
answer: Video game accessory , a piece of hardware used in conjunction with a video game console for playing video games

question: what are club seats
answer: They are usually right next to the Luxury Boxes , either right above, right below, or sandwiched between two levels of Luxury Boxes.

question: what are club seats
answer: Club Level seating is considered as higher class than sitting anywhere else in the arena, but lower class compared to the Luxury Boxes.

question: what school did oprah winfrey help
answer: The Oprah Winfrey Leadership Academy for Girls - South Africa is a female boarding school founded in January 2007 and located in Henley on Klip near Meyerton , south of Johannesburg , South Africa .

question: what structure is disulfide bonds
answer: In chemistry , a disulfide bond (Br.E. disulphide bond) is a covalent bond , usually derived by the coupling of two thiol groups .

question: what is a redshirt freshman football player
answer: In United States college athletics , redshirt is a delay or suspension of an athlete's participation in order to lengthen his or her period of eligibility.

question: who rules communism government
answer: It has a form of government characterized by single-party rule or dominant-party rule of a communist party (referred as Dictatorship of the Proletariat by its proponents) and a professed allegiance to a Leninist or Marxist–Leninist ideology as the guiding principle of the state.

question: what year did South Africa become a team in rugby
answer: The side has been playing international rugby since 1891, when a British Isles side toured the nation, playing South Africa in their first Test on 30 July.

question: what is a discipline of study
answer: An academic discipline, or field of study, is a branch of knowledge that is taught and researched at the college or university level.

question: what is a discipline of study
answer: Disciplines are defined (in part), and recognized by the academic journals in which research is published, and the learned societies and academic departments or faculties to which their practitioners belong.

question: who did john f kennedy run against?
answer: Kennedy defeated Vice President and Republican candidate Richard Nixon in the 1960 U.S. presidential election .

question: who wrote stand by me
answer: "Stand by Me" is a song originally performed by Ben E. King and written by King, Jerry Leiber , and Mike Stoller , inspired by the spiritual "Lord Stand by Me," plus two lines rooted in Psalms 46:2–3.

question: what are metaphors used for
answer: A metaphor is a figure of speech that describes a subject by asserting that it is, on some point of comparison, the same as another otherwise unrelated object.

question: what are metaphors used for
answer: Metaphor is a type of analogy and is closely related to other rhetorical figures of speech that achieve their effects via association, comparison or resemblance including allegory , hyperbole , and simile .

question: what are the names of the ll divos
answer: Il Divo is a group of four male singers: French pop singer Sébastien Izambard , Spanish baritone Carlos Marín , American tenor David Miller , and Swiss tenor Urs Bühler .

question: where did the vietnamese settle in america
answer: More than sixty percent of Vietnamese Americans reside in the states of California , Texas , Washington , Florida , and Virginia .

question: when did hitler kill himself
answer: Adolf Hitler committed suicide by gunshot on 30 April 1945 in his Führerbunker in Berlin.

question: when did world war 2 end
answer: World War II (WWII or WW2), also known as the Second World War, was a global war that lasted from 1939 to 1945.

question: what is a llc company?
answer: A limited liability company (LLC) is a flexible form of enterprise that blends elements of partnership and corporate structures.

question: what is a llc company?
answer: An LLC is a legal form of company that provides limited liability to its owners in the vast majority of United States jurisdictions.

question: what are k cups
answer: K-Cup portion packs are used with Keurig or other single cup brewing systems to brew a cup of coffee , tea , or hot chocolate .

question: what is a chronograph watch
answer: A chronograph is a specific type of watch that is used as a stopwatch combined with a display watch.

question: what is a PCI port used for
answer: Conventional PCI (PCI is an initialism formed from Peripheral Component Interconnect, part of the PCI Local Bus standard and often shortened to just PCI) is a local computer bus for attaching hardware devices in a computer .

question: who invented the television
answer: The earliest proposal was in 1908, in a paper by A. A. Campbell-Swinton and postulated the use of cathode rays.

question: what are the side effects for lyme disease
answer: Early symptoms may include fever , headache , fatigue , depression , and a characteristic circular skin rash called erythema migrans (EM).

question: what are the side effects for lyme disease
answer: Left untreated, later symptoms may involve the joints, heart, and central nervous system .

question: what are a and r reps
answer: Artists and repertoire (A&R) is the division of a record label or music publishing company that is responsible for talent scouting and overseeing the artistic development of recording artists and/or songwriters.

question: what measurement is a furlong
answer: A furlong is a measure of distance in imperial units and U.S. customary units equal to one-eighth of a mile , equivalent to 220 yards , 660 feet , 40 rods , or 10 chains .

question: where does ray lamontagne live
answer: He lives in Massachusetts with his wife and two children.

question: when the wind blows james patterson
answer: When the Wind Blows is a novel by James Patterson .

question: who made facebook
answer: It was founded in February 2004 by Mark Zuckerberg with his college roommates and fellow Harvard University students Eduardo Saverin , Andrew McCollum , Dustin Moskovitz and Chris Hughes .

question: what are the catholic gifts of the holy spirit
answer: The seven gifts of the Holy Spirit is an enumeration of seven spiritual gifts originating with patristic authors, later elaborated by five intellectual virtues and four other groups of ethical characteristics.

question: what are the catholic gifts of the holy spirit
answer: They are: wisdom, understanding, wonder and awe (fear of the Lord) , counsel, knowledge, fortitude, and piety (reverence).

question: where do you find iodine
answer: Iodine is found on Earth mainly as the highly water-soluble iodide ion, I−, which concentrates it in oceans and brine pools .

question: what are lobbying groups
answer: Lobbying (also lobby) is the act of attempting to influence decisions made by officials in the government , most often legislators or members of regulatory agencies .

question: what are lobbying groups
answer: Lobbying is done by many different types of people and organized groups, including individuals in the private sector , corporations , fellow legislators or government officials, or advocacy groups (interest groups).

question: who played the drums in the band cream back in 1968
answer: Cream were a 1960s British rock supergroup consisting of bassist/vocalist Jack Bruce , guitarist/vocalist Eric Clapton , and drummer Ginger Baker .

question: what president made decision to buy louisiana
answer: The purchase of the territory of Louisiana took place during the presidency of Thomas Jefferson .

question: who sang cool jerk
answer: "Cool Jerk" is a popular song written by Donald Storball and originally performed by The Capitols .

question: what is a league in the sea
answer: In the context of nautical distances, the 3 mile (4.8 km) distance corresponds to how far an observer of average height (5'9" or 1.78 m) can see when standing at sea level.

question: when will ie9 be released
answer: It was released to the public on March 14, 2011.

question: when did classification of races begin
answer: First used to denote national affiliations, the term began to be used to relate to physical traits in the 17th century.

question: when did lucy stone died
answer: Lucy Stone (August 13, 1818 – October 19, 1893) was a prominent American abolitionist and suffragist , and a vocal advocate and organizer promoting rights for women .

question: what are stocks and bonds
answer: In finance , a bond is an instrument of indebtedness of the bond issuer to the holders.

question: what are stocks and bonds
answer: Bonds and stocks are both securities , but the major difference between the two is that (capital) stockholders have an equity stake in the company (i.e. they are owners), whereas bondholders have a creditor stake in the company (i.e. they are lenders).

question: what states has the electric chair
answer: As of 2010, electrocution is an optional form of execution in Alabama , Florida , South Carolina and Virginia .

question: when did germans enter paris in ww2
answer: The Liberation of Paris (also known as the Battle for Paris) took place during World War II from 19 August 1944 until the surrender of the occupying German garrison on 25 August.

question: who wrote the song feelin alright
answer: "Feelin' Alright?" also known as "Feeling Alright" is a song written by Dave Mason of the English rock band Traffic from their eponymous 1968 album, Traffic .

question: what are loan originations
answer: Loan origination is the process by which a borrower applies for a new loan , and a lender processes that application.

question: what are loan originations
answer: Loan origination is a specialized version of new account opening for financial services organizations.

question: When did the New Deal start
answer: The New Deal was a series of economic programs enacted in the United States between 1933 and 1936.

question: what year did aerosmith i dont want to miss a thing
answer: "I Don't Want to Miss a Thing" is a song performed by American rock band Aerosmith for the 1998 film Armageddon .

question: when did daylight savings time start
answer: The modern idea of daylight saving was first proposed in 1895 by George Vernon Hudson and it was first implemented during the First World War .

question: What region of France is Montargis in?
answer: The town is located about south of Paris and east of Orléans in the Gâtinais .

question: what year lord of rings made?
answer: It was written in stages between 1937 and 1949, much of it during World War II .

question: what is  file based system
answer: In computing , a file system (or filesystem) is a type of data store which can be used to store, retrieve and update a set of files .

question: What political conflicts marked the presidency of William Howard Taft?
answer: Abroad, Taft sought to further the economic development of nations in Latin America and Asia through " Dollar Diplomacy ", and showed decisiveness and restraint in response to revolution in Mexico .

question: what temperature is a salt ice bath
answer: A cooling bath, in laboratory chemistry (often but not always organic chemistry ) practice, is a liquid mixture which is used to maintain low temperatures, typically between 13 °C and −196 °C.

question: when slavery abolished
answer: In January 1863 President Lincoln freed slaves in the Confederacy through the Emancipation Proclamation .

question: when slavery abolished
answer: After the war, the Thirteenth Amendment , effective December 1865, abolished slavery throughout the entire United States, including the Border states and the Indian territories.

question: what produces primary xylem?
answer: The word xylem is derived from the Greek word ξύλον (xylon), meaning "wood"; the best-known xylem tissue is wood , though it is found throughout the plant.

question: what is a ti 82?
answer: The TI-82 is a graphing calculator made by Texas Instruments .

question: what is a ti 82?
answer: The TI-82 was designed in 1993 as a stripped down, more user friendly version of the TI-85 , and as a replacement for the TI-81 .

question: who owned kansas before it became a state
answer: It is named after the Kansas River which flows through it, which in turn was named after the Kansa Native American tribe, which inhabited the area.

question: when did thomas jefferson become president
answer: Thomas Jefferson (April 13, 1743 (April 2, 1743 O.S. ) – July 4, 1826) was an American Founding Father , the principal author of the Declaration of Independence (1776) and the third President of the United States (1801–1809).

question: when did thomas jefferson become president
answer: Elected president in what Jefferson called the Revolution of 1800 , he oversaw the purchase of the vast Louisiana Territory from France (1803), and sent the Lewis and Clark Expedition (1804–1806) to explore the new west.

question: who sang sun city
answer: "Sun City" is a 1985 protest song written by Steven Van Zandt , produced by Van Zandt and Arthur Baker and recorded by Artists United Against Apartheid to convey opposition to the South African policy of apartheid .

question: who won the most nba championships
answer: Bill Russell won 11 championships with the Boston Celtics .

question: when did the word fuck begin
answer: It is usually considered to be first attested to around 1475, but it may be considerably older.

question: what are the 7 continents
answer: They are generally identified by convention rather than any strict criteria, with up to seven regions commonly regarded as continents—they are (from largest in size to smallest): Asia , Africa , North America , South America , Antarctica , Europe , and Australia .

question: when monopoly came out
answer: The earliest known design was by the American, Elizabeth Magie , patented in 1904 but existing as early as 1902.

question: what state is Mn
answer: Minnesota () is a U.S. state located in the Midwestern United States .

question: what naturally occurring isotopes does cobalt have
answer: Naturally occurring cobalt (Co) is composed of 1 stable isotope , 59Co. 28 radioisotopes have been characterized with the most stable being 60Co with a half-life of 5.2714 years, 57Co with a half-life of 271.79 days, 56Co with a half-life of 77.27 days, and 58Co with a half-life of 70.86 days.

question: Who Moved My Cheese Synopsis
answer: It describes change in one's work and life, and four typical reactions to said change by two mice and two "littlepeople", during their hunt for cheese .

question: who replaced nikita khrushchev
answer: Khrushchev's party colleagues removed him from power in 1964, replacing him with Leonid Brezhnev as First Secretary and Alexei Kosygin as Premier.

question: What Are Mnemonic Devices
answer: A mnemonic (, with a silent "m"), or mnemonic device, is any learning technique that aids information retention.

question: who passed no child left behind
answer: President Bush signing the No Child Left Behind Act at Hamilton H.S. in Hamilton, Ohio .

question: What is a surveyors wheel
answer: A surveyor's wheel, also called a clickwheel, hodometer, waywiser, trundle wheel , measuring wheel, or perambulator is a device for measuring distance.

question: where did world war 1 start
answer: On 28 July, the Austro-Hungarians fired the first shots of the war as preparation for the invasion of Serbia .

question: what year was girls just want to have fun release
answer: "Girls Just Want to Have Fun" is a 1979 song originally written by Robert Hazard and made famous by singer Cyndi Lauper .

question: when can you use a defibulator
answer: Defibrillation is a common treatment for life-threatening cardiac dysrhythmias , ventricular fibrillation , and pulseless ventricular tachycardia .

question: who created the cato institute
answer: It was founded as the Charles Koch Foundation in 1974 by Murray Rothbard , Ed Crane and Charles Koch , chairman of the board and chief executive officer of the conglomerate Koch Industries, Inc. .

question: what are the players in Quidditch?
answer: Matches are played between two teams of seven players riding flying broomsticks, using four balls and six elevated ring-shaped goals, three on each side of the Quidditch pitch (field).

question: who wrote the song a little more country than that>
answer: "A Little More Country Than That" is the title of a song written by Joey + Rory 's Rory Lee Feek , Wynn Varble , and Don Poythress, and recorded by American country artist Easton Corbin .

question: who makes blackberry
answer: The BlackBerry is a line of wireless handheld devices and services designed and marketed by Research In Motion Limited (RIM) operating as BlackBerry .

question: when does a demand curve shift?
answer: In economics , the demand curve is the graph depicting the relationship between the price of a certain commodity and the amount of it that consumers are willing and able to purchase at that given price.

question: what is a vm server
answer: A virtual machine (VM) is a software implemented abstraction of the underlying hardware , which is presented to the application layer of the system.

question: what are the quad muscles
answer: It is the great extensor muscle of the knee, forming a large fleshy mass which covers the front and sides of the femur .

question: when did the titanic sink
answer: RMS Titanic was a British passenger liner that sank in the North Atlantic Ocean on 15 April 1912 after colliding with an iceberg during her maiden voyage from Southampton , UK to New York City , US.

question: where is the human thigh located?
answer: The human leg is the entire lower extremity or limb of the human body , including the foot , thigh and even the hip or gluteal region; however, the precise definition in human anatomy refers only to the section of the lower limb extending from the knee to the ankle .

question: what is considered a large car
answer: A full-size car is a marketing term used in North America for an automobile larger than a mid-size car .

question: when was james madison in the house of representatives
answer: In 1789, Madison became a leader in the new House of Representatives , drafting many basic laws.

question: What is and where is hydraulic fluid found and used for
answer: Common hydraulic fluids are based on mineral oil or water.

question: Where Are Mahindra Tractors Made
answer: Mahindra has a huge consumer base in India, China and America and a growing base in Australia.

question: Where Are Mahindra Tractors Made
answer: The company builds more tractors in India than any other manufacturer, and has the capacity to build 150,000 tractors a year.

question: what is middle class in the us
answer: The American middle class is a social class in the United States .

question: what is middle class in the us
answer: Depending on class model used, the middle class may constitute anywhere from 25% to 66% of households.

question: what is middle class in the us
answer: Constituting roughly 15% to 20% of households is the upper or professional middle class consisting of highly educated, salaried professionals and managers.

question: what is considered to be a disasters
answer: A disaster is a natural or man-made (or technological) hazard resulting in an event of substantial extent causing significant physical damage or destruction, loss of life, or drastic change to the environment .

question: What is firebird server
answer: Firebird is an open source SQL relational database management system that runs on Linux , Windows , and a variety of Unix .

question: What is firebird server
answer: The database forked from Borland 's open source edition of InterBase in 2000, but since Firebird 1.5 the code has been largely rewritten.

question: What is caused by the human immunodeficiency virus?
answer: Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) is a lentivirus (slowly replicating retrovirus ) that causes acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS), a condition in humans in which progressive failure of the immune system allows life-threatening opportunistic infections and cancers to thrive.

question: When was the first Mary Poppins book written
answer: Throughout the Mary Poppins series, which lasted from 1934 to 1988, Mary Shepard was the illustrator and acted as a second author.

question: what is sims language
answer: Wright later commented that using "nonsense language" turned out to be the right development choice, as people were capable of imagining it more realistically than a computer could simulate a real one.

question: what is the function of the vas deferens?
answer: The vas deferens (plural: vasa deferentia), also called ductus deferens ( Latin : "carrying-away vessel"; plural: ductus deferentes), is part of the male anatomy of many vertebrates ; they transport sperm from the epididymis in anticipation of ejaculation .

question: What is Ischemia or infarction?
answer: Vascular ischemia of the toes with characteristic cyanosis .

question: What is Ischemia or infarction?
answer: In medicine , ischemia, also spelled as ischaemia or ischæmia, (; from Greek language ισχαιμία, ischaimía; isch- root denoting a restriction or thinning or to make or grow thin/lean, haema blood ) is a restriction in blood supply to tissues , causing a shortage of oxygen and glucose needed for cellular metabolism (to keep tissue alive).

question: What is Ischemia or infarction?
answer: Ischemia is generally caused by problems with blood vessels , with resultant damage to or dysfunction of tissue.

question: what was nixon accused of
answer: The Watergate scandal was a political scandal that occurred in the United States in the 1970s as a result of the June 17, 1972 break-in at the Democratic National Committee headquarters at the Watergate office complex in Washington, D.C., and the Nixon administration's attempted cover-up of its involvement.

question: what was nixon accused of
answer: The scandal eventually led to the resignation of Richard Nixon , the President of the United States, on August 9, 1974 — the only resignation of a U.S. President.

question: who is elizabeth from general hospital who are the boys fathers
answer: Elizabeth Imogene Webber (formerly Lansing and Spencer) is a fictional character on the ABC Daytime soap opera General Hospital .

question: what is reagan known for
answer: Domestically, the administration favored reducing government programs and introduced the largest across-the-board tax cuts in American history.

question: what is reagan known for
answer: Victory in the Cold War led to a unipolar world with the U.S. as the world's sole superpower.

question: what is reagan known for
answer: Furthermore, says Henry, the consensus viewpoint agrees that he revived faith in the presidency and American self-confidence, and contributed critically to ending the Cold War .

question: what is evoked otoacoustic emissions
answer: An otoacoustic emission (OAE) is a sound which is generated from within the inner ear .

question: who is victoria jackson from saturday night live
answer: Victoria Jackson (born August 2, 1959) is an American comedian, actress, satirist, singer and internet blogger best known as a cast member of the NBC television sketch comedy series Saturday Night Live (SNL) from 1986 to 1992.

question: what was the post modernist era in literature?
answer: Postmodern literature is literature characterized by heavy reliance on techniques like fragmentation, paradox, and questionable narrators, and is often (though not exclusively) defined as a style or trend which emerged in the post–World War II era.

question: who is the group enigma
answer: Enigma is an electronic musical project founded in Germany by Michael Cretu , David Fairstein and Frank Peterson in 1990.

question: who is the group enigma
answer: The Romanian-born Cretu conceived the Enigma project while working in Germany, but based his recording studio A.R.T. Studios in Ibiza, Spain , from the early 1990s until May 2009, where he has recorded all of Enigma's studio releases to date.

question: when was scooby doo created
answer: Scooby-Doo is an American animated cartoon franchise , comprising several animated television series produced from 1969 to the present day.

question: what is the federal death tax
answer: The estate tax in the United States is a tax imposed on the transfer of the "taxable estate " of a deceased person, whether such property is transferred via a will , according to the state laws of intestacy or otherwise made as an incident of the death of the owner, such as a transfer of property from an intestate estate or trust, or the payment of certain life insurance benefits or financial account sums to beneficiaries.

question: when was raphael born
answer: Raffaello Sanzio da Urbino (April 6 or March 28, 1483 – April 6, 1520), better known simply as Raphael, was an Italian painter and architect of the High Renaissance .

question: who is the CEO OF FACEBOOK
answer: As of April 2013, Zuckerberg is the chairman and chief executive of Facebook, Inc. and in 2013 his personal wealth was estimated to be US$13 .3 billion .

question: What Is the Largest Whale
answer: At in length and or more in weight, it is the largest known animal to have ever existed.

question: where is the seed located in an artichoke
answer: The edible matter is buds that form within the flower heads before the flowers come into bloom.

question: who is on the hundred dollar bill
answer: U.S. statesman, inventor, and diplomat Benjamin Franklin is currently featured on the obverse of the bill.

question: what is kathmandu known for
answer: Kathmandu ( ; ) is the capital and largest urban agglomerate of Nepal .

question: where is mark sanchez from
answer: Mark Travis John Sanchez (born November 11, 1986) is an American football quarterback for the New York Jets of the National Football League (NFL).

question: who is paul avery to the zodiac killings
answer: Paul Avery (April 2, 1934December 10, 2000) was an American police reporter, best known for his stories on the infamous serial killer known as the Zodiac , and later for his work on the Patricia Hearst kidnapping.

question: what is sump pump  used for
answer: A sump pump is a pump used to remove water that has accumulated in a water collecting sump basin, commonly found in the basement of homes.

question: when was bloody kansas in
answer: Bleeding Kansas, Bloody Kansas or the Border War, was a series of violent political confrontations involving anti-slavery Free-Staters and pro-slavery " Border Ruffian " elements, that took place in the Kansas Territory and the neighboring towns of Missouri between 1854 and 1861.

question: What Is Benzene Used For
answer: It is mainly used as a precursor to heavy chemicals, such as ethylbenzene and cumene , which are produced on a billion kilogram scale.

question: what is homebrew for wii?
answer: Wii homebrew refers to the reuse of Nintendo 's Wii game console to run software that has not been authorized by Nintendo .

question: who was bush's national security advisor
answer: Hadley (right) discussing the 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis with Bush and Rice.

question: who was bush's national security advisor
answer: Stephen John Hadley (born February 13, 1947) was the 21st U.S. Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs (commonly referred as National Security Advisor ), serving under President George W. Bush .

question: what is another name for the large intestine
answer: The large intestine (or bowel, colon) is the last part of the digestive system in vertebrate animals .

question: where is green bay packers from
answer: The Green Bay Packers are an American football team based in Green Bay, Wisconsin .

question: where is the valley at in los angeles
answer: The San Fernando Valley (locally known as "The Valley") is an urbanized valley located in the Los Angeles metropolitan area of southern California , United States , defined by the mountains of the Transverse Ranges circling it.

question: when was the world of coca cola built
answer: It opened to the public on May 24, 2007, relocating from and replacing the original exhibit.

question: when is susan smith eligible for parole
answer: According to the South Carolina Department of Corrections , Smith will be eligible for parole on November 4, 2024, after serving a minimum of thirty years.

question: what is the highest mountain in america and where is is located?
answer: Located in the Alaska Range in the interior of US state of Alaska , it is the centerpiece of Denali National Park and Preserve .

question: what was the first honda car
answer: The Honda S600 is an automobile manufactured by Honda .

question: what was the first honda car
answer: It was launched in March 1964.

question: when was everybody hates chris made
answer: Everybody Hates Chris is an American television period sitcom that depicts the teenage experiences of comedian Chris Rock (who is also the narrator ) while growing up in the Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York .

question: what is lung effusion
answer: Pleural effusion is excess fluid that accumulates between the two pleural layers , the fluid-filled space that surrounds the lungs.

question: who is the writer of the beowulf poem?
answer: Its composition by an anonymous Anglo-Saxon poet is dated between the 8th and the early 11th century.

question: who is shem in the bible
answer: Shem ( ; Sēm; Arabic : Sām; Ge'ez : ሴም, Sēm; "renown; prosperity; name") was one of the sons of Noah in the Hebrew Bible as well as in Islamic literature .

question: who is shem in the bible
answer: He is most popularly regarded as the eldest son, though some traditions regard him as the second son.

question: what is go daddy.com?
answer: Go Daddy or Go Daddy Group Inc. is a privately held company that is primarily an internet domain registrar and web hosting company.

question: where is the country andorra located
answer: Andorra (; , ), officially the Principality of Andorra (), also called the Principality of the Valleys of Andorra, (), is a landlocked microstate in Southwestern Europe , located in the eastern Pyrenees mountains and bordered by Spain and France .

question: what is the highest point in oahu
answer: The highest point is Mt. Ka'ala in the Waianae Range, rising to above sea level.

question: what is spelt flour
answer: Spelt, also known as dinkel wheat, or hulled wheat, is an ancient species of wheat from the fifth millennium BC.

question: what is spelt flour
answer: It is a hexaploid wheat, which means it has six sets of chromosomes.

question: what is sherlock holmes job
answer: Sherlock Holmes ( or ) is a fictional detective created by author and physician Sir Arthur Conan Doyle .

question: what is sherlock holmes job
answer: A London-based "consulting detective" whose abilities border on the fantastic, Holmes is famous for his astute logical reasoning , his ability to adopt almost any disguise, and his use of forensic science skills to solve difficult cases.

question: where is kennywood in pittsburgh
answer: Kennywood is an amusement park located in West Mifflin , Pennsylvania , a suburb of Pittsburgh .

question: what is social security card used for
answer: Its primary purpose is to track individuals for Social Security purposes.

question: what is the minimalist trend
answer: Minimalism describes movements in various forms of art and design, especially visual art and music , where the work is set out to expose the essence or identity of a subject through eliminating all non-essential forms, features or concepts.

question: Who is the rap singer in right round with kesha in the background? *(dancer)*
answer: "Right Round" is a song performed by American rapper Flo Rida , released as the lead single from his second studio album, R.O.O.T.S. (2009).

question: who is the current Chief Justice of the U.S. supreme court?
answer: The 17th and current Chief Justice is John G. Roberts, Jr.

question: when was the american labor union formed
answer: Most unions in America are aligned with one of two larger umbrella organizations: the AFL-CIO created in 1955, and the Change to Win Federation which split from the AFL-CIO in 2005.

question: what is the largest credit union
answer: Navy Federal is the largest natural member (or retail) credit union in the world, both in asset size and in membership.

question: what is the singer Stevie Wonders full name
answer: Stevland Hardaway Morris (born May 13, 1950 as Stevland Hardaway Judkins), known by his stage name Stevie Wonder, is an American singer, songwriter, and multi-instrumentalist, a child prodigy who developed into one of the most creative musical figures of the late 20th century.

question: what is definition of psychotic
answer: Psychosis (from the Greek ψυχή "psyche", for mind/soul, and -ωσις "-osis", for abnormal condition or derangement) refers to an abnormal condition of the mind, and is a generic psychiatric term for a mental state often described as involving a "loss of contact with reality ".

question: Who is General Grievous of Star Wars
answer: A recurring antagonist, he is the Supreme Commander of the Confederacy of Independent Systems, a political faction of planetary systems waging war on the Galactic Republic .

question: what is an irregular heartbeat pvc
answer: A premature ventricular contraction (PVC), also known as a premature ventricular complex, ventricular premature contraction (or complex or complexes) (VPC), ventricular premature beat (VPB), or ventricular extrasystole (VES), is a relatively common event where the heartbeat is initiated by Purkinje fibres in the ventricles rather than by the sinoatrial node , the normal heartbeat initiator.

question: what is an irregular heartbeat pvc
answer: In a PVC, the ventricles contract first and before the atria have optimally filled the ventricles with blood, which means that circulation is inefficient.

question: what is flour made from
answer: Flour is a powder which is made by grinding cereal grains , or other seeds or roots (like Cassava ).

question: what is my resting heart rate at age 24
answer: Heart rate can vary as the body's need to absorb oxygen and excrete carbon dioxide changes, such as during physical exercise , sleep , illness, or as a result of ingesting drugs :

question: what is the name for an old horse-drawn vehicle
answer: A carriage is a wheeled vehicle for people, usually horse-drawn; litters (palanquins) and sedan chairs are excluded, since they are wheelless vehicles.

question: where was the tsunami in 2005
answer: The 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake was an undersea megathrust earthquake that occurred at 00:58:53 UTC on Sunday, 26 December 2004, with an epicentre off the west coast of Sumatra , Indonesia.

question: what is the source of geothermal energy
answer: The Geothermal energy of the Earth's crust originates from the original formation of the planet (20%) and from radioactive decay of minerals (80%).

question: what is cubic ft
answer: The term cubic foot is an Imperial and US customary (non- metric ) unit of volume , used in the United States and the United Kingdom.

question: who was ho chi minh in vietnam war
answer: He was a key figure in the foundation of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam in 1945, as well as the People’s Army of Vietnam (PAVN) and the Việt Cộng (NLF or VC) during the Vietnam War .

question: what is another name for cpu
answer: A central processing unit (CPU), also referred to as a central processor unit, is the hardware within a computer that carries out the instructions of a computer program by performing the basic arithmetical, logical, and input/output operations of the system.

question: who was charged with murder after the massacre at My lai
answer: While 26 U.S. soldiers were initially charged with criminal offenses for their actions at Mỹ Lai, only Second Lieutenant William Calley , a platoon leader in Charlie Company, was convicted.

question: what is metal music about
answer: With roots in blues rock and psychedelic rock , the bands that created heavy metal developed a thick, massive sound, characterized by highly amplified distortion , extended guitar solos, emphatic beats, and overall loudness.

question: what is metal music about
answer: Heavy metal lyrics and performance styles are generally associated with masculinity and machismo .

question: what is extreme right wing
answer: The far-right (also known as the extreme right) refers to the highest degree of rightism in right-wing politics .

question: what is extreme right wing
answer: Far right politics involves support of strong or complete social hierarchy in society, and supports supremacy of certain individuals or groups deemed to be innately superior or preferable who are to be more valued than those deemed to be innately inferior or undesirable.

question: what is the title of Hobbes main work
answer: His 1651 book Leviathan established the foundation for most of Western political philosophy from the perspective of social contract theory.

question: what is high emotional intelligence?
answer: Emotional intelligence (EI) is the ability to identify, assess, and control the emotions of oneself, of others, and of groups.

question: what is the role of heredity
answer: Heredity is the passing of traits to offspring from its parents or ancestor.

question: what is the role of heredity
answer: This is the process by which an offspring cell or organism acquires or becomes predisposed to the characteristics of its parent cell or organism.

question: what is prefix phone number
answer: A telephone prefix is the first set of digits of a telephone number; in the North American Numbering Plan countries (country code 1), it is the first three digits of a seven-digit phone number.

question: what is metformin used for
answer: Metformin ( BP , pronounced , ; originally sold as Glucophage) is an oral antidiabetic drug in the biguanide class.

question: what is metformin used for
answer: It is the first-line drug of choice for the treatment of type 2 diabetes , in particular, in overweight and obese people and those with normal kidney function.

question: what is it like at mount rushmore?
answer: The Mount Rushmore National Memorial is a sculpture carved into the granite face of Mount Rushmore near Keystone , South Dakota , in the United States .

question: what is buttoned-down shirt?
answer: The term "button-down" (which refers a type of shirt which has a collar fastened down by buttons) is sometimes used in error to apply to all shirts (with or without buttoned down collars), being used as a synonym for "button-up" or "button-front".

question: when is administrative assistant day
answer: In North America , it is celebrated on the Wednesday of the last full week of April (April 24 in 2013).

question: where is keith whitley from
answer: Jackie Keith Whitley (July 1, 1954Stambler, Irwin, and Grelun Landon (2000). - Country Music: The Encyclopedia. - New York: St. Martin's Press. - p.533. - ISBN 978-0-312-26487-1.—Carlin, Richard (2003). - Country Music: A Biographical Dictionary. - New York: Routledge - p.427. - ISBN 978-0-415-93802-0.—Larkin, Colin (1995). - The Guinness Encyclopedia of Popular Music. - New York: Stockton Press - P.4462. - ISBN 978-0-85112-662-3.—Stanton, Scott (2003). - The Tombstone Tourist: Musicians. - New York: Pocket Books. - p.395. - ISBN 978-0-7434-6330-0.—Hicks, Jack. - "Singer Keith Whitley's Memory Alive Through Songs, Love in Home Town". - The Kentucky Post . - September 25, 1991.—"Country Music Star Keith Whitley Dead at 33". - Lexington Herald-Leader . - May 10, 1989.——Hurst, Jack. - "Whitley's Last Days". - Chicago Tribune . - May 14, 1989.—"Alcohol Kills Country Singer Keith Whitley". - United Press International . - (c/o The San Francisco Chronicle ). - May 10, 1989. — May 9, 1989), known professionally as Keith Whitley, was an American country music singer.

question: where are the internal and external iliac arteries
answer: The external iliac arteries are two major arteries which bifurcate off the common iliac arteries anterior to the sacroiliac joint of the pelvis.

question: what is steam by valve corporation
answer: Steam is a digital distribution , digital rights management , multiplayer and communications platform developed by Valve Corporation .

question: where is the Rhine river located on a map
answer: The Rhine (; ; ) is a European river that runs from the Swiss canton of Grisons in the southeastern Swiss Alps through Germany and eventually flows into the North Sea coast in the Netherlands and is the twelfth longest river in Europe , at about , with an average discharge of more than .

question: what is sanskrit shri
answer: Sri ( Devanagari : श्री, IAST ; Śrī), also transliterated as Sree or Shri or Shree is a word of Sanskrit origin, used in the Indian subcontinent as polite form of address equivalent to the English "Mr." in written and spoken language, or as a title of veneration for deities (usually translated as "Holy").

question: what is civil engineering aBOUT
answer: Civil engineering is a professional engineering discipline that deals with the design, construction, and maintenance of the physical and naturally built environment, including works like roads, bridges, canals , dams, and buildings.

question: Where is South Beach in Miami
answer: South Beach, also nicknamed SoBe, is a neighborhood in the city of Miami Beach , Florida , United States , located due east of Miami city proper between Biscayne Bay and the Atlantic Ocean .

question: who was john f kennedy up against
answer: The Republican Party nominated incumbent Vice-President Richard Nixon , while the Democratic Party nominated John F. Kennedy , Senator from Massachusetts.

question: what is the controlled substance act known as
answer: The Controlled Substances Act (CSA) was enacted into law by the Congress of the United States as Title II of the Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970 .

question: when was fdr elected as president
answer: Franklin Delano Roosevelt ( or ; January 30, 1882 – April 12, 1945), also known by his initials, FDR, was the 32nd President of the United States (1933–1945) and a central figure in world events during the mid-20th century, leading the United States during a time of worldwide economic depression and total war.

question: where was ms-13 originally from
answer: Mara Salvatrucha (commonly abbreviated as MS, Mara, and MS-13) is a transnational criminal gang that originated in Los Angeles and has spread to other parts of the United States, Canada, Mexico, and Central America.

question: what is bones job
answer: The show is based on forensic anthropology and forensic archaeology , with each episode focusing on an FBI case file concerning the mystery behind human remains brought by FBI Special Agent Seeley Booth ( David Boreanaz ) to the forensic anthropologist Dr. Temperance "Bones" Brennan ( Emily Deschanel ).

question: where was the super bowl in 1991
answer: The game was held at Tampa Stadium in Tampa, Florida , on January 27, 1991, during the height of the Gulf War .

question: when was malcolm x assassinated
answer: Malcolm X (; May 19, 1925February 21, 1965), born Malcolm Little and also known as El-Hajj Malik El-Shabazz (), was an African-American Muslim minister and human rights activist.

question: when was malcolm x assassinated
answer: In February 1965, less than a year after leaving the Nation of Islam, he was assassinated by three members of the group.

question: who are the characters in 90210 in season 3
answer: Regular cast members for the season included Shenae Grimes , Tristan Wilds , AnnaLynne McCord , Ryan Eggold , Jessica Stroup , Michael Steger , Jessica Lowndes , Matt Lanter , Gillian Zinser , Trevor Donovan and Lori Loughlin .

question: when was queen elizabeth ii married
answer: In 1947, she married Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh , with whom she has four children: Charles , Anne , Andrew , and Edward .

question: where are facial sinuses
answer: Paranasal sinuses are a group of four paired air-filled spaces that surround the nasal cavity ( maxillary sinuses ), above the eyes ( frontal sinuses ), between the eyes ( ethmoid sinuses ), and behind the ethmoids ( sphenoid sinuses ).

question: what is lean manufacturing and who developed
answer: Lean manufacturing, lean enterprise, or lean production, often simply, "Lean," is a production practice that considers the expenditure of resources for any goal other than the creation of value for the end customer to be wasteful, and thus a target for elimination.

question: what is lean manufacturing and who developed
answer: Lean manufacturing is a management philosophy derived mostly from the Toyota Production System (TPS) (hence the term Toyotism is also prevalent) and identified as "Lean" only in the 1990s.

question: who is is the singer westlife
answer: Westlife were an Irish boy band which formed in 1998 and disbanded in 2012.

question: what is vitamin a for
answer: Vitamin A has multiple functions, it is important for growth and development, for the maintenance of the immune system and good vision.

question: what is vitamin a for
answer: Vitamin A is needed by the retina of the eye in the form of retinal , which combines with protein opsin to form rhodopsin the light-absorbing molecule , that is necessary for both low-light ( scotopic vision) and color vision .

question: what is the capital city of california.
answer: Sacramento is the capital city of the U.S. state of California and the seat of government of Sacramento County .

question: when is it memorial day
answer: Memorial Day is a United States federal holiday which occurs every year on the final Monday of May.

question: What was "Freedom Summer"?
answer: Freedom Summer (also known as the Mississippi Summer Project) was a campaign in the United States launched in June 1964 to attempt to register as many African American voters as possible in Mississippi , which had historically excluded most blacks from voting.

question: What was "Freedom Summer"?
answer: The project also set up dozens of Freedom Schools, Freedom Houses, and community centers in small towns throughout Mississippi to aid the local black population.

question: where is dia de los muertos celebrated
answer: Day of the Dead () is a Mexican holiday celebrated throughout Mexico and around the world in other cultures.

question: what was the Name the first electronic handheld calculator
answer: The ANITA Mark VII and ANITA Mark VIII calculators were launched simultaneously in late 1961 as the world's first all- electronic desktop calculators .

question: when was washington elected president
answer: George Washington ( – , 1799) was the first President of the United States (1789–1797), the commander-in-chief of the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War , and one of the Founding Fathers of the United States .

question: where is the island New Guinea?
answer: Located in the southwest Pacific Ocean , it lies geographically to the east of the Malay Archipelago , with which it is sometimes included as part of a greater Indo-Australian Archipelago .

question: what is in milk
answer: Milk is a white liquid produced by the mammary glands of mammals .

question: what is in milk
answer: Early- lactation milk contains colostrum , which carries the mother's antibodies to the baby and can reduce the risk of many diseases in the baby.

question: What is motorcycle speedway racing
answer: Motorcycle speedway, usually referred to as speedway, is a motorcycle sport involving four and sometimes up to six riders competing over four anti-clockwise laps of an oval circuit.

question: who is the guy in the wheelchair who is smart
answer: Professor Stephen Hawking , known for being a theoretical physicist , has appeared in many works of popular culture .

question: what is honey bee propolis
answer: Propolis as hive sealing

question: what is honey bee propolis
answer: Propolis is a resinous mixture that honey bees collect from tree buds, sap flows, or other botanical sources.

question: when was steven tyler born
answer: Steven Tyler (born Steven Victor Tallarico; March 26, 1948) is an American singer, songwriter, and multi-instrumentalist, best known as the frontman and lead singer of the Boston -based rock band Aerosmith , in which he also plays the harmonica, and occasional piano and percussion.

question: what is blood urea
answer: The liver produces urea in the urea cycle as a waste product of the digestion of protein .

question: what is blood urea
answer: Normal human adult blood should contain between 7 to 21 mg of urea nitrogen per 100 ml (7–21 mg/ dL ) of blood.

question: where are the most concentration of jews living
answer: According to this report, about 42.5% of all Jews reside in Israel (5.7 million), and 39.3% in the United States (5.3 million), with most of the remainder living in Europe (1.5 million) and Canada (0.4 million).

question: what is corpus christi holiday
answer: The Feast of Corpus Christi ( Latin for Body of Christ ), also known as Corpus Domini, is a Latin Rite liturgical solemnity celebrating the tradition and belief in the body and blood of Jesus Christ and his Real Presence in the Eucharist .

question: who was the first european in the americas
answer: The start of the systematic European colonization of the Americas is typically dated to 1492, when a Spanish expedition headed by Christopher Columbus sailed for India to open trade but inadvertently discovered the Americas.

question: where is testosterone produced
answer: Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates .

question: where is testosterone produced
answer: In mammals , testosterone is primarily secreted in the testicles of males and the ovaries of females , although small amounts are also secreted by the adrenal glands .

question: where is testosterone produced
answer: In men, testosterone plays a key role in the development of male reproductive tissues such as the testis and prostate as well as promoting secondary sexual characteristics such as increased muscle , bone mass, and the growth of body hair .

question: what is the difference between multistage and cluster sampling
answer: Cluster sampling is a sampling technique used when "natural" but relatively homogeneous groupings are evident in a statistical population .

question: where is jamestown north carolina
answer: Jamestown is a town in Guilford County , North Carolina , United States , and is a suburb of the nearby cities of Greensboro and High Point.

question: what is cu the element
answer: Copper is a chemical element with the symbol Cu (from ) and atomic number 29.

question: when was jamestown colonized
answer: Established by the Virginia Company of London as "James Fort" on May 14, 1607 ( O.S. , May 24, 1607 N.S. ), it followed several earlier failed attempts, including the Lost Colony of Roanoke .

question: who is on the $10. bill
answer: The first U.S. Secretary of the Treasury (1789–95), Alexander Hamilton , is currently featured on the obverse of the bill, while the U.S. Treasury Building is featured on the reverse .

question: when was andy griffith born
answer: Andy Samuel Griffith (June 1, 1926 – July 3, 2012) was an American actor, television producer, Grammy Award -winning Southern-gospel singer, and writer.

question: who is norah jones parents
answer: She is the daughter of Indian sitar player Ravi Shankar and Sue Jones.

question: what is the capacity of the cowboy stadium
answer: The stadium seats 85,000, making it the third largest stadium in the NFL by seating capacity .

question: what is the capacity of the cowboy stadium
answer: The maximum capacity of the stadium, including standing room, is 105,000.

question: what is Carbon 14 dating is a type of ?
answer: Carbon-14, 14C, or radiocarbon, is a radioactive isotope of carbon with a nucleus containing 6 protons and 8 neutrons .

question: when was the battle at tombstone fought
answer: The Gunfight at the O.K. Corral was a gunfight that took place at about 3:00 p.m. on Wednesday, October 26, 1881, in Tombstone , Arizona Territory , and is generally regarded as the most famous gunfight in the history of the American Old West .

question: what is the population of algoma wi for 2010
answer: The population was 3,167 at the 2010 census .

question: what is renaissance english
answer: The English Renaissance was a cultural and artistic movement in England dating from the late 15th and early 16th centuries to the early 17th century.

question: Who is the husband of Betty Ford
answer: Elizabeth Ann Bloomer Warren "Betty" Ford (April 8, 1918 – July 8, 2011), was First Lady of the United States from 1974 to 1977 during the presidency of her husband Gerald Ford .

question: what was Coco Chanel's real first name?
answer: Gabrielle "Coco" Bonheur Chanel (August 19, 1883 – January 10, 1971) was a French fashion designer and founder of the Chanel brand.

question: what is grist mill stone
answer: A gristmill (also: grist mill, corn mill or flour mill) grinds grain into flour .

question: what is the rule of the 9s
answer: In adults, the "rule of nines" is used to determine the total percentage of area burned for each major section of the body.

question: where  is kj 52 from
answer: Jonah Kirsten Sorrentino (born June 26, 1975), better known by his stage name KJ-52, is a Christian rapper from Tampa, Florida .

question: what is the sign for degrees
answer: The degree symbol (°) is a typographical symbol that is used, among other things, to represent degrees of arc (e.g. in geographic coordinate systems ), hours (in the medical field), or degrees of temperature .

question: what is the sign for degrees
answer: The symbol consists of a small raised circle, historically a zero glyph .

question: what is the prognosis of stomach cancer
answer: Prognosis is poor (5-year survival <5 to 15%) because most patients present with advanced disease.

question: what is el mate
answer: Mate (, ; sometimes also spelled maté), also known as chimarrão () or cimarrón (), is a traditional South American infused drink , particularly in Argentina, Uruguay, Paraguay and the southern states of Brazil and to a lesser degree in south of Chile, the Bolivian Chaco , Syria and Lebanon.

question: what is dave batista doing now
answer: He won his MMA debut on October 6, 2012, defeating Vince Lucero via TKO in the first round.

question: WHO IS HENRY SAMPSON JR.
answer: Henry T. Thomas Sampson, Jr. (born in Jackson, Mississippi in 1934) is an African-American inventor.

question: what is the disease osteonecrosis of the jaw?
answer: Osteonecrosis of the jaw (ONJ) is a severe bone disease that affects the maxilla and the mandible .

question: what is the disease osteonecrosis of the jaw?
answer: Osteonecrosis of the jaws associated with bisphosphonate therapy, required by some cancer treatment regimens, has been identified and defined as a pathological entity since 2003.

question: what is mincemeat made of
answer: Mincemeat is a mixture of chopped dried fruit , distilled spirits and spices , and sometimes beef suet , beef , or venison .

question: where is hickory located nc
answer: Hickory is a city in Catawba County , with parts also in Burke County and Caldwell County .

question: what is Polyester in packaging PET
answer: Polyethylene terephthalate (sometimes written poly(ethylene terephthalate)), commonly abbreviated PET, PETE, or the obsolete PETP or PET-P, is a thermoplastic polymer resin of the polyester family and is used in synthetic fibers ; beverage, food and other liquid containers ; thermoforming applications; and engineering resins often in combination with glass fiber.

question: who are the two senators of louisiana
answer: Its current senators are Democrat Mary Landrieu and Republican David Vitter .

question: who is director jack smight
answer: Jack Smight (March 9, 1925 - September 1, 2003) was an American theatre and film director .

question: what is dmitri mendeleev 4
answer: Dmitri Ivanovich Mendeleev (; 8 February 1834 – 2 February 1907 O.S. 27 January 1834 – 20 January 1907) was a Russian chemist and inventor.

question: what is dmitri mendeleev 4
answer: He formulated the Periodic Law, created his own version of the periodic table of elements , and used it to correct the properties of some already discovered elements and also to predict the properties of elements yet to be discovered!

question: where is modesto california
answer: Modesto ( Spanish for "modest"), officially the City of Modesto, is the county seat and largest city of Stanislaus County , California , United States .

question: what is the female symbol called
answer: The two standard gender symbols denoting male ♂ and female ♀ are derived from astrological symbols , denoting the classical planets Mars and Venus , respectively.

question: what is leasehold; real estate
answer: A leasehold estate is an ownership of a temporary right to hold land or property in which a lessee or a tenant holds rights of real property by some form of title from a lessor or landlord .

question: WHAT IS THE LENGTH OF A NAUTICAL MILE
answer: By international agreement it has been set at 1,852 metres exactly (about 6,076 feet).

question: what is black hairy tongue disease
answer: Black hairy tongue (BHT, also termed lingua villosa nigra) refers to a condition of the tongue where the filiform papillae elongate with black or brown discoloration, giving a black and hairy appearance.

question: what is firewire used for
answer: The IEEE 1394 interface is a serial bus interface standard for high-speed communications and isochronous real-time data transfer.

question: when was srv born
answer: Stephen "Stevie" Ray Vaughan (October 3, 1954 – August 27, 1990) was an American guitarist, singer-songwriter, and record producer.

question: what is ethernet gigabit
answer: In computer networking , gigabit Ethernet (GbE or 1 GigE) is a term describing various technologies for transmitting Ethernet frames at a rate of a gigabit per second (1,000,000,000 bits per second), as defined by the IEEE 802.3-2008 standard.

question: what is tofu made of
answer: Tofu, also called bean curd, is a food made by coagulating soy juice and then pressing the resulting curds into soft white blocks.

question: Where is Bubbles the Chimp now
answer: When the trainer shut down his operation in 2004, Bubbles was moved to the Center for Great Apes , a sanctuary in Wauchula, Florida , where he has lived since 2005.

question: what is muse's lead singer's name
answer: The band consists of school friends Matthew Bellamy (lead vocals, lead guitar, piano, keyboards, keytar ), Christopher Wolstenholme (bass, vocals, keyboards, rhythm guitar, harmonica) and Dominic Howard (drums, percussion, synthesisers, sampling).

question: where is bloemfontein in africa
answer: Bloemfontein (, ; Dutch for "fountain of flowers") is the capital city of the Free State Province of South Africa ; and, as the judicial capital of the nation, one of South Africa's three national capitals – the other two being Cape Town , the legislative capital, and Pretoria , the administrative capital.

question: what is in the preamble of the constitution
answer: The Preamble to the United States Constitution is a brief introductory statement of the Constitution's fundamental purposes and guiding principles.

question: when was the internet started
answer: The history of the Internet began with the development of electronic computers in the 1950s.

question: where is rolling rock brewed
answer: The brand was sold to Anheuser-Busch of St. Louis, Missouri , in mid 2006, which transferred brewing operations to New Jersey.

question: when was Pope Benedict XVI elected?
answer: Benedict was elected on 19 April 2005 in a papal conclave , celebrated his Papal Inauguration Mass on 24 April 2005, and took possession of his cathedral, the Archbasilica of St. John Lateran , on 7 May 2005.

question: Who was John Adam's children
answer: Adams was the father of John Quincy Adams , the sixth President of the United States.

question: who was on the 10 dollar bill
answer: The first U.S. Secretary of the Treasury (1789–95), Alexander Hamilton , is currently featured on the obverse of the bill, while the U.S. Treasury Building is featured on the reverse .

question: what is water jet propulsion
answer: Unlike a powerboat or motorboat that uses a propeller in the water below or behind the boat, a jetboat draws the water from under the boat into a pump inside the boat, then expels it through a nozzle at the stern .

question: who is E from entourage
answer: Eric "E."

question: what is the political tea party
answer: The Tea Party movement is an American political movement that advocates strict adherence to the United States Constitution , reducing U.S. government spending and taxes , and reduction of the U.S. national debt and federal budget deficit .

question: what is puerto rico currency
answer: The peso and dollar have been followed by other contemporary issues, including commemorative banknotes, private currency, and a quarter coin designed with Fort San Felipe del Morro in the face.

question: who is ezekiel in the bible
answer: The Book of Ezekiel is the third of the Latter Prophets in the Hebrew Bible , following the books of Isaiah and Jeremiah and preceding the Book of the Twelve .

question: where are the ten commandments in the bible
answer: The Ten Commandments appear twice in the Hebrew Bible , in the books of Exodus and Deuteronomy .

question: what is endodontic dentistry
answer: Endodontics (from the Greek endo "inside"; and odons "tooth") is one of the dental specialties recognized by the American Dental Association , Royal College of Dentists of Canada , and Royal Australasian College of Dental Surgeons , and deals with the tooth pulp and the tissues surrounding the root of a tooth .

question: who is the junior senator of nc
answer: Janet Kay Ruthven Hagan (; born May 26, 1953) is the junior United States Senator from North Carolina , in office since January 2009.

question: who is heisman trophy named after
answer: It was created in 1935 as the Downtown Athletic Club trophy and renamed in 1936 following the death of the Club's athletic director, John Heisman (former Brown University and University of Pennsylvania player; head football coach at Oberlin College , Auburn University , Clemson University , Rice University , and the University of Pennsylvania; and football, basketball, and baseball head coach and athletic director at Georgia Tech ).

question: where are Giant Panda Bears found?
answer: The giant panda lives in a few mountain ranges in central China, mainly in Sichuan province, but also in the Shaanxi and Gansu provinces.

question: where is loxahatchee fl at
answer: Loxahatchee is a community located in Palm Beach County , Florida , United States .

question: where is loxahatchee fl at
answer: It is located in the areas north of Wellington and west and northwest of Royal Palm Beach, Florida and approximately west of West Palm Beach.

question: what is the format of the canadian citizenship test
answer: The test is available in both French and English , the official languages of Canada .

question: What is up with Kent Hovind
answer: He is incarcerated at the Federal Correctional Institution at Berlin, New Hampshire.

question: what is that dot on the forehead of indian women\
answer: A bindi (, from Sanskrit bindu, meaning "a drop, small particle, dot"), or a pottu/bottu (in Tamil, Telugu, and Malayalam) is a forehead decoration worn in South Asia (particularly India , Bangladesh , Nepal , Sri Lanka and Mauritius ) and Southeast Asia .

question: where is good morning america studio
answer: Times Square Studios (TSS) is an American television studio located in the Times Square neighborhood of the Manhattan borough of New York City , New York .

question: what is primary medicine
answer: Primary care may be provided in community health centres.

question: what is primary medicine
answer: Primary care is the health care given by a health care provider .

question: when was the first super bowl
answer: For example, Super Bowl I was played on January 15, 1967, following the 1966 regular season , while Super Bowl XLVII was played on February 3, 2013, following the 2012 season .

question: what is the origin of fiona
answer: The name Fiona was invented, and first used, by the Scottish poet James Macpherson (1736–96), author of the Ossian poems, which he claimed were translations from ancient Gaelic sources (sources, when challenged, he never produced).

question: what is the official language of america?
answer: The most commonly used language is English .

question: what is auto quarter panel
answer: On an automobile, a quarter panel (or rear wing as it is known in British English ) is usually considered the body panel which goes between the rear door and the trunk and typically wraps around the wheel well; however, the similar front section Fender (vehicle) , between the door and the hood, is sometimes incorrectly referred to as a quarter panel.

question: where is shropshire, uk
answer: Shropshire ( or ; alternatively Salop; abbreviated, in print only, Shrops) is a county in the West Midlands region of England.

question: what is vat tax?
answer: A value added tax (VAT) is a form of consumption tax .

question: what is high sticking in hockey
answer: -sticking is the name of two infractions in the sport of ice hockey that may occur when a player intentionally or inadvertently plays with his or her stick above the height of the shoulders or above the cross bar of a hockey goal.

question: what is an sd memory card reader
answer: A memory card reader is a device, typically having a USB interface, for accessing the data on a memory card such as a CompactFlash (CF), Secure Digital (SD) or MultiMediaCard (MMC).

question: when was the trogan war
answer: The ancient Greeks thought that the Trojan War was a historical event that had taken place in the 13th or 12th century BC, and believed that Troy was located in modern-day Turkey near the Dardanelles .

question: where is the palatine canal
answer: The greater palatine canal (or pterygopalatine canal) is a passage in the skull that transmits the greater palatine artery , vein, and nerve between the pterygopalatine fossa and the oral cavity .

question: what is the lowest temperature ever recorded in antarctica
answer: Antarctica has the lowest naturally occurring temperature ever recorded on the ground on Earth: −89.2 °C (−128.6 °F) at Vostok Station .

question: When Is Passover Over
answer: In Judaism , a day commences at dusk and lasts until the following dusk, thus the first day of Passover only begins after dusk of the 14th of Nisan and ends at dusk of the 15th day of the month of Nisan.

question: when is halley's comet next
answer: Halley's Comet last appeared in the inner Solar System in 1986 and will next appear in mid-2061.

question: what is soy made from
answer: The soybean (US) or soya bean (UK) (Glycine max) is a species of legume native to East Asia, widely grown for its edible bean which has numerous uses.

question: WHERE IS ROUGH AND READY, CA
answer: Rough and Ready is a census-designated place in Nevada County, California , United States .

question: WHERE IS ROUGH AND READY, CA
answer: It is located west of Grass Valley, California , approximately 62 miles (100 km) from Sacramento .

question: what is captcha code
answer: A CAPTCHA () is a type of challenge-response test used in computing as an attempt to ensure that the response is generated by a human being .

question: when was jacques cousteau born
answer: Jacques-Yves Cousteau (; commonly known in English as Jacques Cousteau; 11 June 1910 – 25 June 1997) was a French naval officer, explorer , conservationist , filmmaker, innovator, scientist, photographer, author and researcher who studied the sea and all forms of life in water.

question: where was the fugitive slave law made
answer: The Fugitive Slave Law or Fugitive Slave Act was passed by the United States Congress on September 18, 1850, as part of the Compromise of 1850 between Southern slave-holding interests and Northern Free-Soilers .

question: who is in the group trinity 5 7
answer: Trin-i-tee 5:7 is a gospel duo from New Orleans, Louisiana in the United States .

question: what is eic earned income credit
answer: The United States federal earned income tax credit or earned income credit (EITC or EIC) is a refundable tax credit for low- and medium-income individuals and couples, primarily for those who have qualifying children.

question: when is international men's day
answer: International Men's Day (IMD) is an annual international event celebrated on 19th November.

question: where is valley village ca
answer: Village is a district in the San Fernando Valley region of Los Angeles, California .

question: What is sign of cancer
answer: Cancer (♋) is an astrological sign , which is associated with the constellation Cancer .

question: when was the patriot act enacted
answer: The USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 is an Act of the U.S. Congress that was signed into law by President George W. Bush on October 26, 2001.

question: what is a gsm cell phone
answer: GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications, originally '), is a standard set developed by the European Telecommunications Standards Institute (ETSI) to describe protocols for second generation ( 2G ) digital cellular networks used by mobile phones .

question: what was the cash and carry lend lease
answer: The Lend Lease act was an act where the United States had supported its allies.

question: what was the cash and carry lend lease
answer: Lend-Lease () was the law that started a program under which the United States of America supplied the United Kingdom , the USSR , Republic of China , Free France , and other Allied nations with materiel between 1941 and 1945.

question: what is el morro in puerto rico
answer: Castillo San Felipe del Morro also known as Fort San Felipe del Morro or Morro Castle, is a 16th-century citadel located in San Juan, Puerto Rico .

question: where are poison dart frog seen
answer: Poison dart frog (also dart-poison frog, poison frog or formerly poison arrow frog) is the common name of a group of frogs in the family Dendrobatidae which are native to Central and South America .

question: where were the Winter Olympics in 2006
answer: The 2006 Winter Olympics, officially known as the XX Olympic Winter Games, was a winter multi-sport event which was celebrated in Turin , Italy from February 10, 2006, through February 26, 2006.

question: when was the lady gaga judas song released
answer: "Judas" is a song by American recording artist Lady Gaga , from her second studio album Born This Way (2011).

question: when was the lady gaga judas song released
answer: It was released by Interscope Records on April 15, 2011, four days ahead of its scheduled release.

question: what is mpeg4  avc or sp/asp
answer: H.264/MPEG-4 Part 10 or AVC (Advanced Video Coding) is a standard for video compression , and is currently one of the most commonly used formats for the recording, compression, and distribution of high definition video .

question: WHAT IS NON BINDING?
answer: Non-binding arbitration is a type of arbitration in which the arbitrator makes a determination of the rights of the parties to the dispute, but this determination is not binding upon them, and no enforceable arbitration award is issued.

question: where is university of nelson mandela metropolitan located
answer: Nelson Mandela Metropolitan University (NMMU) is a South African tertiary education institution with its main administration in the coastal city of Port Elizabeth .

question: What is the name of the late Major League  old professor
answer: Charles Dillon "Casey" Stengel (; July 30, 1890 – September 29, 1975), nicknamed "The Old Perfessor", was an American Major League Baseball outfielder and manager .

question: when was the constitution written
answer: George Washington at Constitutional Convention of 1787, signing of U.S. Constitution.

question: what is the use of a sales invoice?
answer: An invoice or bill is a commercial document issued by a seller to a buyer , indicating the products , quantities, and agreed prices for products or services the seller has provided the buyer.

question: what is squash the sport
answer: Squash is a racquet sport played by two (singles) or four players (doubles) in a four-walled court with a small, hollow rubber ball.

question: when was the great fire in chicago
answer: The Great Chicago Fire was a conflagration that burned from Sunday, October 8, to early Tuesday, October 10, 1871, killing hundreds and destroying about in Chicago , Illinois .

question: what is hosting a website
answer: Web hosts are companies that provide space on a server owned or leased for use by clients, as well as providing Internet connectivity, typically in a data center .

question: when was the first nfl madden game released
answer: Due to Madden's insistence that the game be as realistic as possible, the first version of John Madden Football was not released until 1988.

question: what is pci Interface
answer: Conventional PCI (PCI is an initialism formed from Peripheral Component Interconnect, part of the PCI Local Bus standard and often shortened to just PCI) is a local computer bus for attaching hardware devices in a computer .

question: what is the name of mountains along california
answer: The other three coastal California mountain ranges are the Transverse Ranges , Peninsular Ranges and the Klamath Mountains .

question: who is the mayor of chicago 2011
answer: Rahm Emanuel won the race for mayor with more than 55% of the vote.

question: when is the wv state fair
answer: It is held annually in mid-August on the State Fairgrounds in Fairlea , near Lewisburg, West Virginia in the southeastern part of the state.

question: when was the state of utah established
answer: It became the 45th state admitted to the Union on January 4, 1896.

question: what is the location of coldwater ms
answer: Coldwater is a small town in Tate County , Mississippi .

question: what is the location of coldwater ms
answer: It is in the Memphis Metropolitan Area .

question: what is the function of the hard palate
answer: Also on the anterior portion of the roof of the hard palate is the Rugae which are the irregular ridges in the mucous membrane that help facilitate the movement of food backwards towards the pharynx.

question: where is Chayanne from?
answer: Elmer Figueroa Arce (born June 28, 1968), best known under the stage name Chayanne, is a Puerto Rican Latin pop singer and actor.

question: when is world war hulk movie come
answer: "World War Hulk" is a comic book crossover storyline that ran through a self titled limited series and various other titles published by Marvel Comics in 2007, featuring the Hulk .

question: WHERE WAS JOHN WAYNE BORN
answer: Wayne was born in Winterset, Iowa but his family relocated to the greater Los Angeles area when he was four years old.

question: what is the organic layer in an amoled screen
answer: This layer of organic semiconductor is situated between two electrodes.

question: what is eggnog made of
answer: Eggnog, or egg nog, is a sweetened dairy -based beverage traditionally made with milk and/or cream , sugar , and whipped eggs (which gives it a frothy texture).

question: what is bourbon made of
answer: Bourbon whiskey is a type of American whiskey – a barrel-aged distilled spirit made primarily from corn .

question: what is cta used for
answer: Computed tomography angiography (CTA) is a computed tomography technique used to visualize arterial and venous vessels throughout the body.

question: what is vitamin b12 used for
answer: Vitamin B12, vitamin B12 or vitamin B-12, also called cobalamin, is a water-soluble vitamin with a key role in the normal functioning of the brain and nervous system , and for the formation of blood .

question: what is vitamin b12 used for
answer: It is normally involved in the metabolism of every cell of the human body, especially affecting DNA synthesis and regulation, but also fatty acid synthesis and energy production.

question: what is tmz stand for
answer: The name TMZ stands for the historic " studio zone " or 30-mile zone radius from the intersection of West Beverly Boulevard and North La Cienega Boulevard in Los Angeles.

question: what is impingement of the shoulder
answer: Shoulder impingement syndrome, also called painful arc syndrome, supraspinatus syndrome, swimmer's shoulder, and thrower's shoulder, is a clinical syndrome which occurs when the tendons of the rotator cuff muscles become irritated and inflamed as they pass through the subacromial space, the passage beneath the acromion .

question: who was the first one to invent medicine
answer: The ancient Egyptians had a system of medicine that was very advanced for its time and influenced later medical traditions.

question: what is singapore's currency
answer: The Singapore dollar or dollar ( sign : $; code : SGD) is the official currency of Singapore .

question: what is the plot of the shawshank redemption?
answer: Adapted from the Stephen King novella Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption , the film tells the story of Andy Dufresne, a banker who spends nearly two decades in Shawshank State Prison for the murder of his wife and her lover despite his claims of innocence.

question: what is an information technology manager
answer: IT management is the discipline whereby all of the technology resources of a firm are managed in accordance with its needs and priorities.

question: what is the scientific name of a cardinal bird
answer: The Northern Cardinal (Cardinalis cardinalis) is a North American bird in the genus Cardinalis ; it is also known colloquially as the redbird or common cardinal.

question: when is the feast of St. Rita
answer: The Roman Catholic Church , under the pontificate of Pope Leo XIII officially canonized Rita on May 24, 1900, while her feast day is celebrated every May 22.

question: where is j.cole from
answer: Jermaine Lamarr Cole (born January 28, 1985), better known by his stage name J. Cole, is an American hip-hop recording artist and record producer from Fayetteville, North Carolina .

question: what is ratchet from ratchet and clank
answer: The games take place in a science fiction setting and follow the adventures of Ratchet (an animalistic human-like character known as a Lombax , who is a mechanic) and Clank (a diminutive, sentient robot) as they travel through the universe, saving it from evil forces on a regular basis.

question: what is in a will
answer: A will or testament is a legal declaration by which a person, the testator , names one or more persons to manage his/her estate and provides for the transfer of his property at death.

question: what is the gdp for greenland 2010?
answer: GDP per capita is similar to the average European economies but the economy is critically dependent upon substantial support from the Danish government, which supplies about half the revenues of the home rule government who in turn employ about 8,000 Greenlanders out of a labor force of 40,156 (Jan. 2012).

question: What is hydrogen in
answer: Most of the hydrogen on Earth is in molecules such as water and organic compounds because hydrogen readily forms covalent compounds with most non-metallic elements.

question: what is bracketing in photography
answer: In photography , bracketing is the general technique of taking several shots of the same subject using different camera settings.

question: What is the disk defragmenter tool
answer: In the maintenance of file systems , defragmentation is a process that reduces the amount of fragmentation .

question: what is level of agreement mean
answer: In practice, the term SLA is sometimes used to refer to the contracted delivery time (of the service or performance).

question: when was purple haze by jimi hendrix made?
answer: "Purple Haze" is a song written and recorded by Jimi Hendrix in 1967, released as the second single by The Jimi Hendrix Experience in both the United Kingdom and the United States .

question: who is the actor that plays harry potter
answer: Daniel Radcliffe , who portrays Harry Potter , has been the icon of the film series since the release of the first film in 2001.

question: what is the mortality rate of sepsis
answer: The mortality rate from septic shock is approximately 25–50%.

question: where is kos from?
answer: Kevin Brereton (born February 20, 1972), better known by his stage name k-os (; "chaos"), is a Canadian rapper , singer , songwriter and record producer .

question: what is the defensive line in football called
answer: Within those platoons, various specific positions exist depending on what the player's main job is.

question: what is the @ sign called?
answer: The at sign @ is also commonly called the at symbol, ampersat, apetail or commercial at in English—and less commonly a wide range of other terms.

question: who is the book the catcher in the rye by?
answer: The Catcher in the Rye is a 1951 novel by J. D. Salinger .

question: who are the girls from the bad girls club?
answer: The show centers on seven feisty and mischievous women with different backgrounds and personalities, who have a number of psychological and behavioral problems.

question: what is prince williams last name
answer: Prince William, Duke of Cambridge (William Arthur Philip Louis; born 21 June 1982), is the elder son of Charles, Prince of Wales , and Diana, Princess of Wales , and third-eldest grandchild of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh .

question: what was bernie madoff selling
answer: Bernard Lawrence "Bernie" Madoff (; born April 29, 1938) is an American former stockbroker , investment advisor , financier , and white collar criminal .

question: what is quasi judicial agency
answer: A quasi-judicial body is an entity such as an arbitrator or tribunal board, generally of a public administrative agency, which has powers and procedures resembling those of a court of law or judge , and which is obligated to objectively determine facts and draw conclusions from them so as to provide the basis of an official action.

question: who is inventor of the radio
answer: The first systematic and unequivocal transmission of EM waves was performed by Heinrich Rudolf Hertz and described in papers published in 1887 and 1890.

question: what is scurvy disease
answer: Scurvy is a disease resulting from a deficiency of vitamin C , which is required for the synthesis of collagen in humans.

question: who is bj's wholesale club
answer: BJ's Wholesale Club, Inc., commonly referred to simply as BJ's, is a membership-only warehouse club chain operating on the United States East Coast , as well as in the state of Ohio .

question: what is the name of the wizard of oz
answer: The Wizard of Oz, known during his reign as The Great and Powerful Oz, is the epithet of Oscar Zoroaster Phadrig Isaac Norman Henkel Emmannuel Ambroise Diggs, a fictional character in the Land of Oz , created by American author L. Frank Baum .

question: what is the name of the wizard of oz
answer: The character was further popularized by the classic 1939 movie , wherein his full name is not mentioned.

question: what is santa's wife's name
answer: Her first name is a mystery, though she has been referred to as Mary, Jessica, Layla, Annette, Heidi, or Martha.

question: when was Saddle Creek founded
answer: Started as a college class project on entrepreneurship, the label was founded by Mike Mogis and Justin Oberst in 1993 (as Lumberjack Records).

question: What is the significance of Good Friday?
answer: Good Friday is a religious holiday observed primarily by Christians commemorating the crucifixion of Jesus Christ and his death at Calvary .

question: What is the significance of Good Friday?
answer: The holiday is observed during Holy Week as part of the Paschal Triduum on the Friday preceding Easter Sunday , and may coincide with the Jewish observance of Passover .

question: What is the significance of Good Friday?
answer: It is also known as Holy Friday, Great Friday, Black Friday, or Easter Friday, though the latter properly refers to the Friday in Easter week .

question: where is the great basin located on a us map
answer: It is noted for both its arid conditions and its Basin and range topography that varies from the North American low point at Badwater Basin to the highest point of the contiguous United States , less than away at the summit of Mount Whitney .

question: what was the date of pearl harbor
answer: The attack on Pearl Harbor (called Hawaii Operation or Operation AI by the Japanese Imperial General Headquarters (Operation Z in planning) and the Battle of Pearl Harbor) was a surprise military strike conducted by the Imperial Japanese Navy against the United States naval base at Pearl Harbor , Hawaii, on the morning of December 7, 1941 (December 8 in Japan).

question: what is the kanji for language
answer: Kanji (; ) are the adopted logographic Chinese characters ( hanzi ) that are used in the modern Japanese writing system along with hiragana (ひらがな, ), katakana (カタカナ, ), Hindu-Arabic numerals , and the occasional use of the Latin alphabet .

question: where are the kidneys in your body
answer: Located at the rear of the abdominal cavity in the retroperitoneum , the kidneys receive blood from the paired renal arteries , and drain into the paired renal veins .

question: what is lockton affinity
answer: Lockton Affinity: Lockton Affinity, an affiliate of Lockton Companies, meets the insurance needs of affinity groups, franchises, professional organizations, and associations of all sizes.

question: what is lockton affinity
answer: Lockton Affinity offers a variety of insurance product options and programs.

question: what is white chocolate made of
answer: It commonly consists of cocoa butter , sugar , milk solids and salt , and is characterized by a pale yellow or ivory appearance.

question: where is the chupacabra found
answer: The Chupacabra or Chupacabras (, from chupar "to suck" and cabra "goat", literally "goat sucker") is a legendary cryptid rumored to inhabit parts of the Americas .

question: What is the purpose of North American Free Trade Agreement
answer: The North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) is an agreement signed by Canada , Mexico , and the United States , creating a trilateral trade bloc in North America .

question: what is in the alpine mountain systems
answer: Wildlife such as ibex live in the higher peaks to elevations of , and plants such as Edelweiss grow in rocky areas in lower elevations as well as in higher elevations.

question: what is in the alpine mountain systems
answer: At present the region is home to 14 million people and has 120 million annual visitors.

question: where is basque spoken
answer: Basque ( endonym : , ) is the ancestral language of the Basque people , who inhabit the Basque Country , a region spanning an area in northeastern Spain and southwestern France .

question: what is human chorionic
answer: In molecular biology , human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) is a hormone produced by the fertilized egg after conception .

question: where is dear john filmed at
answer: The movie was filmed in 2009 in Charleston, South Carolina .

question: what is busiest airport in US
answer: Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport is the busiest single airport in the United States.

question: where is osaka japan
answer: is a city in the Kansai region of Japan's main island of Honshu , a designated city under the Local Autonomy Law , the capital city of Osaka Prefecture and also the largest part of the Keihanshin metropolis, which comprises three major cities of Japan, Kyoto , Osaka and Kobe .

question: where is osaka japan
answer: Located at the mouth of the Yodo River on Osaka Bay , Osaka is Japan's third largest city by population after Tokyo (special wards) and Yokohama .

question: what is surname and given name
answer: A given name, in Western contexts often referred to as a first name, is a personal name that specifies and differentiates between members of a group of individuals, especially in a family, all of whose members usually share the same family name (surname).

question: what is melissa and joey about
answer: The series follows local politician Mel Burke (Melissa Joan Hart) and Joe Longo (Joey Lawrence), whom Mel hires to look after her niece and nephew after a Ponzi scheme leaves him broke.

question: What is an economic feature?
answer: Other broad distinctions include those between positive economics (describing "what is") and normative economics (advocating "what ought to be"); between economic theory and applied economics ; between rational and behavioral economics ; and between mainstream economics (more "orthodox" and dealing with the "rationality-individualism-equilibrium nexus") and heterodox economics (more "radical" and dealing with the "institutions-history-social structure nexus").

question: What is an economic feature?
answer: Economic analysis may be applied throughout society, as in business , finance , health care , and government, but also to such diverse subjects as crime, education , the family , law , politics , religion , social institutions , war, and science .

question: What is an economic feature?
answer: At the turn of the 21st century, the expanding domain of economics in the social sciences has been described as economic imperialism .

question: what is the average american income
answer: U.S. median household income fell from $51,144 in 2010 to $50,502 in 2011.

question: When was Apple Computer founded
answer: The company was founded on April 1, 1976, and incorporated as Apple Computer, Inc. on January 3, 1977.

question: what is section eight housing
answer: Section 8 of the Housing Act of 1937 (), often simply known as Section 8, as repeatedly amended, authorizes the payment of rental housing assistance to private landlords on behalf of approximately 3.1 million low-income households.

question: what is section eight housing
answer: It operates through several programs, the largest of which, the Housing Choice Voucher program, pays a large portion of the rents and utilities of about 2.1 million households.

