question: What type of organism is commonly used in preparation of foods such as cheese and yogurt?
answer: mesophilic organisms

question: What phenomenon makes global winds blow northeast to southwest or the reverse in the northern hemisphere and northwest to southeast or the reverse in the southern hemisphere?
answer: coriolis effect

question: Changes from a less-ordered state to a more-ordered state (such as a liquid to a solid) are always what?
answer: exothermic

question: What is the least dangerous radioactive decay?
answer: alpha decay

question: Kilauea in hawaii is the world’s most continuously active volcano. very active volcanoes characteristically eject red-hot rocks and lava rather than this?
answer: smoke and ash

question: When a meteoroid reaches earth, what is the remaining object called?
answer: meteorite

question: What kind of a reaction occurs when a substance reacts quickly with oxygen?
answer: combustion reaction

question: Organisms categorized by what species descriptor demonstrate a version of allopatric speciation and have limited regions of overlap with one another, but where they overlap they interbreed successfully?.
answer: ring species

question: Alpha emission is a type of what?
answer: radioactivity

question: What is the stored food in a seed called?
answer: endosperm

question: Zinc is more easily oxidized than iron because zinc has a lower reduction potential. since zinc has a lower reduction potential, it is a more what?
answer: active metal

question: What is controlled by both genes and experiences in a given envionment?
answer: animal behaviors

question: What tells you how much of the food you should eat to get the nutrients listed on the label?
answer: serving size

question: What are used to write nuclear equations for radioactive decay?
answer: nuclear symbols

question: What is controlled by regulatory proteins that bind to regulatory elements on dna?
answer: gene transcription

question: Boron only occurs naturally in compounds with what element?
answer: oxygen

question: What organ systems link exchange surfaces with cells throughout the body?
answer: circulatory

question: What occurs when the immune system attacks a harmless substance that enters the body from the outside?
answer: allergy

question: Fertilization is the union of a sperm and egg, resulting in the formation of what?
answer: a zygote

question: The plants alternation between haploid and diploud generations allow it to do what?
answer: reproduce asexually and sexually

question: Most of the chemical reactions in the body are facilitated by what?
answer: enzymes

question: What is the termination of a pregnancy in progress called?
answer: abortion

question: Cutting down on the use of chemical fertilizers and preserving wetlands are ways to prevent what "unlivable" regions in bodies of water?
answer: dead zones

question: Which muscles allow your fingers to also make precise movements for actions?
answer: intrinsic muscles

question: Testing what usually requires making observations or performing experiments?
answer: hypothesis

question: This sharing of electrons produces what is known as a covalent bond. covalent bonds are ~20 to 50 times stronger than what?
answer: van der waals interactions

question: Water molecules move about continuously due to what type of energy?
answer: kinetic

question: A small scale version of what type of map displays individual rock units?
answer: geologic map

question: What is defined as a change in the inherited traits of organisms over time?
answer: evolution

question: What hormone, which is associated with luteinizing hormone and male sexuality, helps bring about physical changes in puberty?
answer: testosterone

question: Where do angiosperms produce seeds in flowers?
answer: ovaries

question: In order to create food, what do photosynthetic protists use?
answer: light energy

question: What type of vertebrates are birds?
answer: endothermic tetrapod

question: What type of ions do ionic compounds contain?
answer: positive and negative

question: All living things need air and this to survive?
answer: water

question: The cells of all eukarya have a what?
answer: nucleus

question: What type of plate boundaries produce huge mountain ranges in the ocean basin?
answer: divergent

question: Interstitial carbides are produced by the reaction of most transition metals at high temperatures with what element?
answer: carbon

question: Fungus-like protist saprobes play what role in a food chain and are specialized to absorb nutrients from nonliving organic matter, such as dead organisms or their wastes?
answer: decomposers

question: What are the sites of protein synthesis or assembly?
answer: ribosomes

question: What must replicate in the cell cycle before meiosis i takes place?
answer: dna

question: What phenomenon is primarily the result of plate tectonic motions?
answer: earthquake

question: What is a group of neuron cell bodies in the periphery called?
answer: ganglion

question: Where does most of our food come from?
answer: angiosperms

question: Gases are most ideal at high temperature and what pressure?
answer: low

question: Hard igneous rocks and easily dissolved sedimentary rocks respond very differently to what natural force?
answer: weathering

question: A diet rich in calcium and what vitamin may reduce the risk of osteoporosis and related bone fractures?
answer: vitamin d

question: How many people die from air pollution each year?
answer: 22 million

question: What substances serve as catalysts in most of the biochemical reactions that take place in organisms?
answer: enzymes

question: The formation of an amalgam allows the metal to react with what?
answer: air and water

question: A pulley changes the direction of the force t exerted by the cord without changing its what?
answer: magnitude

question: What is the name of the small bumps that contain taste buds and covers the tongue?
answer: papillae

question: In the absence of air resistance, all falling objects accelerate at the same rate due to what force?
answer: gravity

question: The ability for a plasma membrane to only allow certain molecules in or out of the cell is referred to as what?
answer: selective permeability

question: In the presence of oxygen, hydrogen can interact to make what?
answer: water

question: What galaxy is our solar system a part of?
answer: milky way

question: The angle at which light bends when it enters a different medium is known as what?
answer: refraction

question: Whether the organism is a bacterium, plant, or animal, all living things access energy by breaking down these?
answer: carbohydrate molecules

question: Increasing the temperature of n2 molecules increases what energy of motion?
answer: kinetic energy

question: Which radio frequency should you listen to if you want less noise?
answer: fm

question: What form of radiation is the energy emitted by the sun?
answer: electromagnetic

question: What is the suns innermost layer called?
answer: core

question: A growth spurt requires constant divisions of what?
answer: cells

question: What's the term for the gradual progression from simple plants to larger more complex ones in an area?
answer: primary succession

question: Fungi may form mutualistic relationships with plants, algae, cyanobacteria, and what?
answer: animals

question: Which cycle tracks the flow of nitrogen through an ecosystem?
answer: nitrogen cycle

question: What consequence of a tornado is responsible for most injuries and deaths?
answer: flying debris

question: What are the only truly innate behaviors in humans called?
answer: reflexes

question: What happens to the density of air as the altitude decreases?
answer: decreases

question: How do some animals change their depth?
answer: by changing their density

question: What phenomenon is crowding out other species and making all the other causes of extinction worse?
answer: human overpopulation

question: Dessication is an extreme and usually fatal form of what in animals?
answer: dehydration

question: Internal and external forms of what life process occur as simple diffusion due to a partial pressure gradient?
answer: respiration

question: The fossil record shows that this type of event is followed by the evolution of new species to fill the habitats where old species lived?
answer: mass extinction

question: Soluble minerals and clays accumulate in what soil layer, allowing it to hold more water?
answer: subsoil

question: What is the common word for potential difference in a circuit?
answer: voltage

question: How many chambers does the stomach of a crocodile have?
answer: two

question: When populations get close to the carrying capacity, what happens to growth?
answer: slows

question: Although air can transfer heat rapidly by convection, it is a poor conductor and thus a good what?
answer: insulator

question: Most plants grow continuously, except for what periods?
answer: dormant

question: What man-made devices in space are used to observe the earth's surface?
answer: satellites

question: Carboxylic acids are weak acids, meaning they are not 100% ionized in what?
answer: water

question: An endocrine disease usually involves the secretion of too much or not enough of what?
answer: hormone

question: In experiments with garden peas, austrian monk gregor mendel described the basic patterns of what?
answer: inheritance

question: Nutrition and diet affect your metabolism. more energy is required to break down fats and proteins than this?
answer: carbohydrates

question: What are unsaturated hydrocarbons with at least one double bond between carbon atoms called?
answer: alkenes

question: What is the opposite of melting?
answer: freezing

question: A unique characteristic of mammals is the ability to chew, this happens by the temporalis and the masseter allowing what?
answer: side-to-side movement

question: Most of the pathogens that cause stis enter the body through mucous membranes of which organs?
answer: reproductive organs

question: The activation of what kind of buds induces branching?
answer: axillary buds

question: Sexual reproduction involves haploid gametes and produces a diploid zygote through what process?
answer: fertilization

question: All alkanes are composed of carbon and hydrogen atoms, and have similar bonds, structures, and formulas; noncyclic alkanes all have a formula of cnh2n+2. the number of carbon atoms present in an alkane has what?
answer: no limit

question: What percentage of men suffer from some form of erectile dysfunction by age 40?
answer: approximately 40 percent

question: What secures together immovable joints and prevents them from moving?
answer: dense collagen

question: Transform faults are the site of massive what?
answer: earthquakes

question: When water goes above and below its freezing point, what rock-breaking phenomenon is common?
answer: ice wedging

question: The diatoms are unicellular photosynthetic protists that encase themselves in intricately patterned, glassy cell walls composed of silicon dioxide in a matrix of organic particles. these protists are a component of freshwater and these?
answer: marine plankton

question: What type of reactions form compounds?
answer: chemical reactions

question: Millions of years ago, plants used energy from the sun to form what?
answer: carbon compounds

question: What is the term for the process in which living things with beneficial traits produce more offspring than others do?
answer: natural selection

question: In a chemical reaction, the amounts of reactants and products will be constant when what state is attained?
answer: equilibrium

question: What protects a developing flower while it is still a bud?
answer: sepals

question: What is the term for the force of attraction between things that have a mass?
answer: gravity

question: What are the long, thin protein extensions in most prokaryotic cells called?
answer: flagellum

question: Dialysis is a treatment for failure of what organs?
answer: kidneys

question: What preventive measure can protect even young children against diseases such as viral meningitis?
answer: vaccination

question: Renal plasma flow equals the blood flow per minute times the what?
answer: hematocrit

question: What does lattice energy of an ionic solid measure the strength of?
answer: bonds

question: How many different types of taste can be detected by taste buds?
answer: five

question: What species do humans belong to?
answer: homo sapiens

question: Titration is a method to determine what in acids or bases?
answer: concentration

question: How many different amino acids make up proteins.
answer: 20

question: What are sores in the lining of the stomach or duodenum that are usually caused by bacterial infections or acidity?
answer: ulcers

question: In some species, what has led to the evolution of alternative male mating behavior and morphology?
answer: sexual selection

question: What structure is made from dna and protein molecules coiled together?
answer: chromosome

question: What renewable energy source converts energy from the sunlight into electricity?
answer: solar energy

question: The radial artery and which artery parallel their namesake bones, giving off smaller branches until they reach the wrist, or carpal region?
answer: ulnar

question: The bones of the skull are connected by what type of joints?
answer: immovable

question: What is the lowest layer of the atmosphere?
answer: troposphere

question: What is the name of the type of plant tissue consisting of undifferentiated cells that can continue to divide and differentiate?
answer: meristem

question: Phosphate-containing ocean sediments form primarily from the bodies of ocean organisms and from their what?
answer: excretions

question: What does erosion do to pieces of broken rock?
answer: moves them

question: The passing of traits from parents to offspring is done through what?
answer: dna

question: In a glass of sweet tea the sugar is known as the solute and the water is known as what?
answer: solvent

question: A few earthquakes take place away from plate boundaries, these are called what?
answer: intraplate earthquakes

question: Red litmus paper turns what color when placed in a basic solution?
answer: blue

question: The difference between the theoretical half-reaction reduction potential and the actual voltage required is called what?
answer: overpotential

question: While the egg is developing, other changes are taking place in the uterus. it develops a thick lining that is full of what?
answer: tiny blood vessels

question: The neural plate undergoes a series of cell movements where it rolls up and forms a tube called what?
answer: neural tube

question: Due to the __________ nature of the lipids that make up cell membranes, polar molecules (such as water) and ions cannot easily diffuse across the cell membrane.
answer: hydrophobic

question: In what way do all vertebrates reproduce?
answer: sexually

question: First, high temperature denatures proteins and does what to cells?
answer: kills them

question: What term is used to describe a collection of molecules surrounded by a phospholipid bilayer that is capable of reproducing itself?
answer: cell

question: By allowing blood levels of a hormone to be regulated within a narrow range, feedback loops contribute to maintaining what state?
answer: homeostasis

question: Collagen fibers, elastic fibers, and reticular fibers comprise what type of tissue?
answer: connective tissue

question: What the name of the disease where some of the alveoli of the lungs fill with fluid so they can no longer exchange gas?
answer: pneumonia

question: What occurs when groups from the same species stop mating because of something other than physical or geographic separation?
answer: sympatric speciation

question: What environment do animals with gills live in?
answer: water

question: What is the boiling and freezing point of water in celcius?
answer: 100 degrees c and 0 degrees c

question: What are living things that obtain glucose by eating self feeders called?
answer: heterotrophs

question: Virtually every task performed by living organisms requires this?
answer: energy

question: The binding of what helps eliminate antigens by phagocytosis and complement-mediated lysis
answer: antibodies

question: What muscles are used to pump water over the gills?
answer: jaws and pharynx

question: Compounds like sodium chloride form structures called what?
answer: crystals

question: What are made of long chains consisting almost solely of carbon and hydrogen?
answer: lipids

question: When a series of measurements is precise but not what, the error is usually systematic?
answer: accurate

question: Inserting copies of normal genes into a patient with defective genes is known as?
answer: gene therapy

question: What type of reproduction usually occur during times of environmental stress?
answer: sexual reproduction

question: All forms of energy can be interconverted. three things can change the energy of an object: the transfer of heat, work performed on or by an object, or some combination of what?
answer: heat and work

question: What science includes many fields of science related to our home planet?
answer: earth science

question: What are alloys that are mostly composed of mercury known as?
answer: amalgams

question: What are made from highly reflective metal that is applied to a curved or flat piece of glass?
answer: mirrors

question: What do ranchers fear will happen if wolves return?
answer: livestock predation

question: How many types of surface waves are there?
answer: two

question: What is the rigid layer that is found outside the cell membrane and surrounds the cell?
answer: cell wall

question: Surface tension of alveolar fluid, which is mostly water, creates an inward pull of the tissue of what organ?
answer: lung

question: What type of tumor mostly does not cause serious problems and can be completely removed by surgery?
answer: benign

question: What supports and protects the soft organs of the body?
answer: skeleton

question: What celestial body is the earth’s main source of energy?
answer: sun

question: What do you call the horizontal stems of a strawberry plant that run over the ground surface?
answer: stolons

question: Glaciers are incredibly powerful agents of what?
answer: erosion

question: What type of pressure is the pressure exerted by gas particles in earth’s atmosphere as those particles collide with objects?
answer: atmospheric pressure

question: What helps the plasma membrane keep its shape?
answer: molecules of cholesterol

question: What type of reproduction only involves one parent?
answer: asexual

question: What is defined as a repeating series of events that include growth, dna synthesis, and cell division?
answer: cell cycle

question: How metalloids behave in chemical interactions with other elements depends mainly on the number of what, in the outer energy level of their atoms?
answer: electrons

question: What distinguishing characteristic of annelid anatomy shows specialization and adaptation?
answer: segmentation

question: The spermatids are transported from the testes to where?
answer: epididymis

question: How does water from roots reach the leaves?
answer: water-conducting cells

question: As a polycrystalline material solidifies, grains with irregular shapes form. the interfaces between grains constitute grain what?
answer: boundaries

question: Motors are the most common application of magnetic force on current-carrying wires. motors have loops of wire in this?
answer: magnetic field

question: What makes and stores pigments that give petals and fruit their orange and yellow colors?
answer: chromoplasts

question: What term is used to describe when a liquid is the temperature at which its equilibrium vapor pressure is equal to the pressure exerted on the liquid by its gaseous surroundings?
answer: boiling point

question: When electrons return to a lower energy level, they emit the excess energy in the form of what?
answer: light

question: What is another term for nearsightedness?
answer: myopia

question: What are the areas located at fixed distances from the nucleus of the atom?
answer: energy levels

question: In which state of matter do particles take the shape of their container, but cannot expand to fill it?
answer: liquid

question: Runoff is likely to cause more what if the land is bare?
answer: erosion

question: Cations have what type of charge?
answer: positive

question: What organ is subdivided into ascending, descending, transverse and sigmoid parts?
answer: colon

question: Ammonia, urea, and uric acid are examples of what kind of waste?
answer: nitrogenous

question: What are variants of genes called?
answer: alleles

question: Mushrooms are an example of what type of organism, which includes beneficial and toxic specimens?
answer: fungi

question: Comparing what sequences provides clues to evolution and development?
answer: genome

question: What is a measure of the average amount of energy of motion, or kinetic energy, a system contains called?
answer: temperature

question: What is the minimum mass capable of supporting sustained fission called?
answer: critical mass

question: Many hydrocarbons are cyclic and adopt specific three-dimensional structures that influence their physical and what properties?
answer: chemical

question: The secondary wall contains _________ , a secondary cell component in plant cells that have completed cell growth/expansion.
answer: lignin

question: What does the cell cycle do?
answer: divide and reproduce cells

question: Inside the nasal area of the skull, the nasal cavity is divided into halves by the what?
answer: nasal septum

question: Bacteria can be chemotrophs, which obtain what by breaking down chemical compounds in their environment?
answer: energy

question: Habitat loss, introduced species, overharvesting, and global change are major threats to what?
answer: biodiversity

question: What "plumbing" structures inside the veins maintain a unidirectional flow of blood despite the low blood pressure?
answer: valves

question: What do we call the cartilaginous structure that surrounds the notochrod?
answer: arcualia

question: What is the process of the transfer of pollen from an anther to a stigma in angiosperms called?
answer: pollination

question: Despite its small size, an erythrocyte contains about 250 million molecules of what?
answer: hemoglobin

question: How many variables are used to describe the condition of a gas?
answer: four

question: What is a suggested explanation for a phenomenon or a suggested explanation for a relationship between many phenomena called?
answer: hypothesis

question: Land plants are classified into two major groups according to the absence or presence of what tissue?
answer: vascular

question: What type of treatment is necessary for anaphylaxis?
answer: emergency

question: What substances, which are distinct from acids and bases, form when ions form ionic bonds?
answer: salts

question: What is the name for biochemical compounds that consist of one or more chains of small molecules called amino acids?
answer: proteins

question: What are the ionic compounds that produce negative hydroxide ions when dissolved in water?
answer: bases

question: The atomic number of tungsten is 74. therefore, in a neutral atom of tungsten, there are 74 electrons. the atomic number of argon is 18. therefore, in a neutral atom of argon, there are how many electrons?
answer: 18

question: What is the apparatus used for carrying out an electrolysis reaction?
answer: an electrolytic cell

question: What two ways may light be transmitted?
answer: refracted or scattered

question: Triggered by changes in the environment, migration and hibernation occur as cycles on what temporal basis?
answer: annual

question: What pair of tubes that extends toward the ovaries features a fringelike structure that sweeps eggs inside?
answer: fallopian tubes

question: In most animals, what sense is related to balance or equilibrium?
answer: hearing

question: Terminal pods are located at the end of what?
answer: stems

question: What forms when the spores from two parents fuse during sexual reproduction?
answer: zygospore

question: What is the name of the galaxy we live in?
answer: milky way

question: What are the most common seedless vascular plants?
answer: ferns

question: In a monogamous pairing, a male individual is generally paired with what other type of individual in a sexual relationship?
answer: female

question: What is a mass spectrometer used to measure?
answer: relative atomic masses

question: What combines sets of genes from two different parents leading to genetically diverse offspring?
answer: sexual reproduction

question: Global warming will raise ocean levels due to melt water from glaciers and the greater volume of what?
answer: warmer water

question: What are groups of young stars loosely held together by gravity called?
answer: open clusters

question: What does a pollinator pick up from its body and carry directly to another plant of the same species?
answer: pollen

question: What is formed when an oxygen atom picks up a pair of hydrogen ions from a solution?
answer: water

question: What does the driving of turbines by the heating of water to steam accomplish?
answer: generation of electricity

question: What is a device that changes kinetic energy to electrical energy through electromagnetic induction?
answer: an electric generator

question: How many naturally occurring elements are known on earth?
answer: 90

question: What are the two types of vesicle transport called?
answer: endocytosis and exocytosis

question: What do you call a species that has died out in the past?
answer: extinct

question: Where does the embryo develop in a plant?
answer: inside the female plant after fertilization

question: What is the method of setting or correcting a measuring device by matching it to known measurement standards called?
answer: calibration

question: What property of warm air causes it to rise above cold air?
answer: lower density

question: Which branch of biology studies animal behavior?
answer: ethology

question: What unit of measure is equal to the amount of work a horse can do in 1 minute?
answer: horsepower

question: What organism is characterized by an incomplete digestive system and a single, tentacled opening?
answer: cnidarians

question: What term is not the same as energy, but means the energy per unit charge?
answer: voltage

question: What specific part of the african violet is used to propagate other plants?
answer: leaves

question: What are fibers that depend on aerobic respiration called?
answer: oxidative fibers

question: Which form of electromagnetic waves have more energy: low frequency wave or high frequency waves?
answer: high frequency waves

question: Something that has all of the characteristics of life is considered to be what?
answer: alive

question: What do the letters in our blood types represent?
answer: alleles

question: The two stages of photosynthesis are the light reactions and what?
answer: calvin cycle

question: What do living things need to survive?
answer: nutrients

question: The denser regions of the electron cloud are called what?
answer: orbitals

question: In studying energy, what term do scientists use to refer to the matter and its environment involved in energy transfers?
answer: system

question: To measure what changes that occur in chemical reactions, chemists usually use a related thermodynamic quantity, calledenthalpy?
answer: energy

question: A system in what state cannot spontaneously change, and therefore can do no work?
answer: equilibrium

question: What is a species that plays an especially important role in it's community called?
answer: keystone

question: What term that shows how fast a population is growing includes new members added to the population over a given period, as well as old members removed from the population?
answer: growth rate

question: The rings of what planet can be easily seen from earth?
answer: saturn

question: What planet is a blue green color?
answer: uranus

question: The simplest class of organic compounds is the what?
answer: hydrocarbons

question: Some meteorites are made of iron and nickel and are thought to be very similar to what part of the earth?
answer: core

question: Which pathway carries somatosensory information from the face, head, mouth, and nasal cavity?
answer: trigeminal pathway

question: The amount of kinetic energy in a moving object depends directly on its mass and what else?
answer: velocity

question: Cycling, shoveling snow and cross-country skiing are examples of what kind of heart-strengthening activity?
answer: aerobic

question: What take the shape of their container, and are relatively easy to compress?
answer: gases

question: What is moving air called?
answer: wind

question: What property makes bone marrow cells ideal for gene therapy?
answer: lifelong reproduction

question: What is the name of the two metalloids in the carbon group called?
answer: silicon and germanium

question: What is the name of the zone where water is deeper than 200 meters called?
answer: aphotic zone

question: Diagnosing and treating cancer is a beneficial use of what potentially dangerous energy?
answer: radiation

question: Many adults and some children suffer from a deficiency of lactase. these individuals are said to be lactose intolerant because they cannot digest the lactose found in what?
answer: milk

question: Three-prong plugs, circuit breakers, and gfci outlets are safety features that recognize the danger of what?
answer: electricity

question: Catabolic reactions break down large organic molecules into smaller molecules, releasing the energy contained in what?
answer: chemical bonds

question: In qualitative analysis, reagents are added to an unknown chemical mixture in order to induce what?
answer: precipitation

question: While climate change in earth history was due to natural processes, what is primarily to blame for recent global warming?
answer: human actions

question: What is the simplest life cycle?
answer: haploid life cycle

question: What keeps the moon orbiting earth?
answer: gravity

question: What are formed by the attraction between oppositely charged ions?
answer: ionic bonds

question: What produces hormones that directly regulate body processes?
answer: hypothalamus

question: Comparing anatomy, and characterizing the similarities and differences, provides evidence of what process?
answer: evolution

question: What is the second most abundant element in the earth's crust?
answer: silicon

question: Which kind of genetics approach involves mutating or deleting genes provides researchers with clues about gene function?
answer: reverse genetics

question: More than half of all known organisms are what?
answer: insects

question: For what purpose does liver use the excess carbohydrate?
answer: to synthesize glycogen

question: Saturn is made mostly of helium and what else?
answer: hydrogen

question: What are alkenes organic compounds that contain one or more double or triple bonds between carbon atoms described as?
answer: unsaturated

question: Electrons in covalent compounds are shared between the two atoms, unlike the case in what type of bonds?
answer: ionic bonds

question: What is the resistance of a liquid to flow called?
answer: viscosity

question: The mass of atoms is based on the number of protons and neutrons in what?
answer: nucleus

question: Where do polychaete worms live?
answer: the ocean floor

question: What is the study of how and why plants and animals live where they do?
answer: biogeography

question: Muscles that position the pectoral girdle are located either on the anterior thorax or on this?
answer: posterior thorax

question: What are the two major types of seed plants called?
answer: gymnosperms and angiosperms

question: What do we call the energy-rich product of photosynthesis?
answer: glucose

question: How is oxygen transferred into the bloodstream?
answer: simple diffusion

question: Ringworm and athlete's foot are human diseases caused by what simple organisms?
answer: fungi

question: What is the measure of the change in the velocity of a moving object called?
answer: acceleration

question: What is the usual treatment for acute bronchitis?
answer: antibiotics

question: What are generally divided into prosimian and non-prosimian?
answer: primates

question: The creation and destruction of oceanic crust is the reason what moves?
answer: continents

question: What is the concept by which two species within the same area to coexist by adapting by developing different specializations?
answer: character displacement

question: A turbine that spins a generator will produce?
answer: electricity

question: Meiosis in the sporophyte produces haploid cells called what?
answer: spores

question: In this type of reaction, an element replaces another element in a compound, and the element is in any state of matter but is not an ion?
answer: single-replacement reaction

question: What are the two distinct types of cells found in the animal kingdom?
answer: prokaryotes and eukaryotes

question: What category of elements are chacterized by their ability to reflect light, called luster, their high electrical and thermal conductivity, their high heat capacity, and their malleability and ductility?
answer: metals

question: Angiosperms are also known as what?
answer: flowering plants

question: An estimated 100 trillion of these live in the gut of an average person?
answer: bacteria

question: The ability to regulate what, which is possessed by mammals, was an advantage as earth’s climate went through sudden and dramatic changes?
answer: body temperature

question: What is the term for very large arrays of tandemly repeating, non-coding dna?
answer: satellite dna

question: What kind of map can show the features of the bottom of a body of water?
answer: bathymetric

question: What evolved, adapted response to resource availability is the long-range seasonal movement of animals?
answer: migration

question: When animals get rid of their gaseous waste, what is exhaled through their mouth and nose?
answer: carbon dioxide

question: What is another name for composite volcanos?
answer: stratovolcanoes

question: Fossil records support the idea that periods of little change may be interrupted by bursts of rapid change, an evolutionary model contrasted by what?
answer: gradualism

question: What type of winds occur when air is forced over a mountain range?
answer: chinook winds

question: What do clouds trap into the atmosphere at night?
answer: heat

question: A nerve cell that carries messages is called a?
answer: neuron

question: What group of animals are the largest arthropods?
answer: insects

question: What term describes a collection of similar cells that had a common embryonic origin?
answer: tissue

question: Most biochemical molecules are macromolecules, meaning that they are what?
answer: very large

question: The name of a spinal cord region corresponds to the level at which spinal nerves pass through the what?
answer: intervertebral foramina

question: Tests for levels of what in blood allow a diabetic patient to regulate how much insulin to administer?
answer: glucose

question: The process of breaking down food into nutrients is known as __________
answer: digestion

question: Reasoning can be broken down into two categories: deduction and?
answer: induction

question: What are used to make maps of the moon and other planets?
answer: imaging satellites

question: What term describes how closely packed the particles of matter are?
answer: density

question: Populations of viruses do not grow through cell division because they?
answer: are not cells

question: What is likely to happen to a parasite if it kills its host?
answer: it dies

question: What is a type of solid that lacks an ordered internal structure?
answer: an amorphous solid

question: What is it called when you get the same result after repeating an experiment?
answer: replication

question: What is the largest human organ?
answer: skin

question: In the chest, the trachea divides as it enters the lungs to form the right and left what?
answer: bronchi

question: Many objects have color because they contain what?
answer: pigments

question: What is the process of action potentials in myelinated axons jumping between the nodes of ranvier called?
answer: saltatory conduction

question: What do craters and rifts become when the fill with water?
answer: lakes

question: What kind of power does not produce any pollutants, but produces waste that can be difficult to dispose of?
answer: nuclear

question: What is the long, narrow tube that carries food from the pharynx to the stomach by the mechanism of peristalsis?
answer: esophagus

question: What is the temperature at which condensation of water vapor occurs called?
answer: the dew point

question: Alkenes have double bonds while alkynes have what?
answer: triple bonds

question: What is our main source of aluminum ore?
answer: bauxite

question: Rapidly produced genetic vairants are found in organisms with what type of generation time?
answer: short

question: What are the 2 primary hosts of ebola in central africa?
answer: apes and bats

question: Unlike prokaryotic cells, dna and rna synthesis in eukaryotic cells occurs in a separate compartment from synthesis of what?
answer: protein

question: What important organelle (that would otherwise be centrally located and crucial to the cell's survival) do prokaryotic cells lack?
answer: nucleus

question: What is the outer layer of an axon that acts like a layer of insulation, similar to the plastic that encases an electrical cord?
answer: myelin sheath

question: What occurs when some members of a species become geographically separated?
answer: allopatric speciation

question: What creatures evolved from a lobe-finned lungfish ancestor?
answer: amphibians

question: What is the term for a mixture of two or more substances that has the same composition throughout?
answer: solution

question: What are flagellate protozoa that cause giardiasis?
answer: giardia

question: Rna and dna are types of what biochemical compounds containing the elements carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, nitrogen, and phosphorus?
answer: nucleic acids

question: What are the contacts between neurons called?
answer: synapses

question: What is the color of the powder of a mineral?
answer: streak

question: What basic plant structure facilitates dispersal of pollen and fruit by raising reproductive structures?
answer: stem

question: What type of compound is essential to life?
answer: water

question: Which part of the ear amplifies the sound waves?
answer: middle ear

question: The shape of a virus is determined by the type and arrangement of proteins in its what?
answer: capsid

question: What is the rising and sinking of warm and cooler material called?
answer: convection

question: What is a group of connected cells that have a similar function within an organism called?
answer: tissue

question: The number of what subatomic particles can vary between atoms of the same element?
answer: neutrons

question: Water is recycled constantly through which system?
answer: the ecosystem

question: The process in which organ systems work to maintain a stable internal environment is called what?
answer: homeostasis

question: What do scientist's believe mercury's core is mostly made of?
answer: melted iron

question: What material comprises the sun and other stars, as well as lightning and the northern lights?
answer: plasma

question: The function of which organ is to filter blood and form urine?
answer: kidneys

question: The attraction between all objects in the universe is known as ______.
answer: gravity

question: Friction causes the molecules on rubbing surfaces to move faster, which produces what?
answer: heat

question: The cell wall acts as an extra layer of protection, helps the cell maintain its shape, and prevents what?
answer: dehydration

question: What's another term for egg-laying mammals?
answer: monotremes

question: What code is the same in all living things and shows that all organisms are related by descent from a common ancestor?
answer: genetic

question: All animals that derive energy from food are classified as what?
answer: heterotrophs

question: Through which process is the human gene for insulin placed into bacteria?
answer: transformation

question: What is a symbiotic relationship in which both species benefit?
answer: mutualism

question: What is the term for longer chains of monosaccharides ?
answer: polysaccharides

question: Electrical potential energy can be described by the equation pe = qv, where q is the electric charge and v is what?
answer: voltage

question: What are broad explanations that are widely accepted as true?
answer: scientific theories

question: What process is at work when warm air or water rises, and cool air or water sinks?
answer: convection

question: If force is applied further away from a pivot point, than what kind of acceleration will be greater?
answer: angular

question: The kinetic-molecular theory as it applies to gases has how many basic assumptions?
answer: five

question: During photosynthesis, what is energy from the sun converted to after entering a plant?
answer: glucose

question: Formic acid is found in the secretions of?
answer: stinging ants

question: What do hydrophilic substances have an affinity for?
answer: water

question: What is a structure that consists of two or more types of tissues that work together to do the same job?
answer: organ

question: What is formed when amino acids are linked together in a long chain?
answer: protein

question: Both diffusion and effusion are related to the speed at which what objects move?
answer: gas molecules

question: Baroreceptors in the aortic arch and carotid sinuses monitor what level in the body?
answer: blood pressure

question: The electronegativity of an element increases with increasing of what state?
answer: oxidation

question: Animals require air, water, and what in order to live and survive?
answer: food?

question: How many types of bosons are there?
answer: four

question: What astronomical phenomenon, formed of split asteroids or planetary rocks, provides clues about our solar system?
answer: meteorites

question: An electron possesses both particle and these?
answer: wave properties

question: What are mutant versions of normal genes called?
answer: proto-oncogenes

question: The heart and a network of blood vessels that run throughout the body make up what organ system?
answer: cardiovascular system

question: When a predator kills and eats its prey, what sort of predation is this referred to as?
answer: true

question: Pressure, volume, and temperature are related by which law?
answer: gas law

question: Different forms, or allotropes, of carbon are diamond, graphite, and what?
answer: fullerenes

question: What is the process in which organisms reproduce sexually by joining gametes called?
answer: fertilization

question: What is the force of attraction between things that have mass
answer: gravity

question: Mitosis and meiosis are two types of what process, with dramatically different products?
answer: cell division

question: Zinc reacting with hydrochloric acid produces bubbles of which gas?
answer: hydrogen

question: Water gains and loses what more slowly than does land, affecting seasonal conditions inland and on the coast?
answer: heat

question: Covalent solutes separate into what when dissolved?
answer: individual molecules

question: What term indicates moles per liter, whereas molality is moles per kilogram of solvent?
answer: molarity

question: Many of the hormones are secreted in response to what signals of the body?
answer: nervous system signals

question: What are two of the most common vision problems?
answer: nearsightedness and farsightedness

question: Hydrochloric acid is formed when hcl is dissolved into what?
answer: water

question: Atoms of the same element that have different masses are called what?
answer: isotopes

question: What term is used to describe potential energy due to an object’s shape?
answer: elastic potential energy

question: What property is characterized by eddies and swirls that mix layers of fluid together, unlike laminar flow?
answer: turbulence

question: What process refers to a separation of charge within an atom or molecule?
answer: polarization

question: What is the largest cartilaginous fish?
answer: whale shark

question: Capillaries in the chorionic villi filter fetal wastes out of the blood and return clean, oxygenated blood to the fetus through what?
answer: umbilical vein

question: What is the term for a random change in allele frequencies that occurs in a small population?
answer: genetic drift

question: Aerobic exercise helps improve the cardiovascular system, while what exercise causes muscles to get bigger and stronger?
answer: anaerobic

question: An excessive posterior curvature of the thoracic region is also known as what?
answer: kyphosis

question: What are the two main divisions of the human nervous system?
answer: central and peripheral

question: What is composed of two strands of nucleotides in a double-helical structure?
answer: dna

question: The body is made up of how many types of tissue?
answer: four

question: The great astronomer edwin hubble discovered that all distant galaxies are receding from our milky way galaxy with velocities proportional to their what?
answer: distances

question: What is friction that acts on objects while it is rolling over a surface called?
answer: rolling friction

question: Traditionally, mammals were divided into groups based on what?
answer: their characteristics

question: What type of bonds do alkanes only contain?
answer: carbon-carbon single bonds

question: Which part of the wave helps make the wave bend and cause refraction?
answer: shallow part

question: What are passed from one generation to the next so species can survive?
answer: adaptatioins

question: What kind of lines does a diffraction grating produce?
answer: evenly spaced lines

question: Which type of ferns have yellow sporangia and no leaves?
answer: whisk ferns

question: Ice masses, acquifers, and the deep ocean are examples of water what?
answer: reservoirs

question: This heat is used to convert water into steam, which is then used to turn a turbine, thus generating what?
answer: electrical power

question: What atmospheric layer lies above the highest altitude an airplane can go and below the lowest altitude a spacecraft can orbit?
answer: mesosphere

question: Where are sensors for thermoregulation concentrated in the brain?
answer: the hypothalamus

question: What is the first step in the breakdown of glucose to extract energy for cellular metabolism?
answer: glycolysis

question: What charge do atoms carry?
answer: neutral

question: The pleura that surrounds the lungs consists of how many layers?
answer: two

question: Organisms that obtain food from outside themselves (i.e. they don't make their own food) are known as what?
answer: heterotrophs

question: In scientific investigations, descriptive statistics are useful for summarizing the characteristics of large what?
answer: samples

question: The process of the cytoplasm splitting apart and the cell pinching in two is known as what?
answer: cytokinesis

question: What kind of mountainous formation can often be found near trenches?
answer: volcanoes

question: Because it can be controlled intentionally, skeletal muscle is also called what type of muscle?
answer: voluntary

question: What effect in the atmosphere ensures that the earth maintains the correct temperature to support life?
answer: greenhouse effect

question: Felsic, intermediate, mafic, and ultramafic are types of composition of what rock group?
answer: igneous

question: What is the base of nearly all food chains on earth?
answer: photosynthesis

question: The skull is a part of a vertebrate endoskeleton that encloses and protects what organ?
answer: brain

question: The global pattern of precipitation is influenced by movements of what?
answer: air masses

question: What is the name of the region of a magnet that has the most pull?
answer: pole

question: How many major forces of elevation cause allele frequencies to change?
answer: four

question: Where in the atom is a neutron found?
answer: the nucleus

question: In physics, what is defined as the average kinetic energy of the particles of matter?
answer: temperature

question: What organelles are known as the "power plants" of the cell?
answer: mitochondria

question: Dalton's law and henry's law both describe aspects of what type of exchange?
answer: gas

question: What vesicles store neurotransmitters?
answer: synaptic

question: What temperature scale is obtained by adding 273 degrees from the corresponding celsius temperature?
answer: kelvin scale

question: Hemoglobin is a large molecule made up of proteins and iron. it consists of four folded chains of a protein called this?
answer: globin

question: A new species is said to have evolved if separated members of a species evolve genetic differences that prevent what from occurring with the original members??
answer: interbreeding

question: What term describes the orientation of a body lying face-down?
answer: prone

question: What happens to energy when an atom gains an electron?
answer: it is released

question: What is the name of the second most electronegative element?
answer: oxygen

question: What is the term for species evolving together?
answer: coevolution

question: Where do the eggs develop?
answer: the ovaries

question: What's the other term for your wind pipe?
answer: trachea

question: When food is scarce, starving cells secrete a molecule that stimulates neighboring cells to do what?
answer: aggregate

question: What do cells secrete that binds to receptors?
answer: factor

question: What is the term for the tube that carries sound waves into the ear?
answer: ear canal

question: In the cardiovascular system, what blood vessels carry blood away from the heart?
answer: arteries

question: Molecules in the gas phase can collide with the liquid surface and reenter the liquid via what?
answer: condensation

question: What guards the opening between the right atrium and the right ventricle?
answer: tricuspid valve

question: The water cycle involves movement of water between air and what?
answer: land

question: When we consider a chemical reaction, we need to take into account both the system and what?
answer: sorroundings

question: What is a layer of tissue that lies between the shell and the body?
answer: mantle

question: In what country can some of the largest natural crystals be found?
answer: mexico

question: What are the primary producers in terrestrial biomes?
answer: plants

question: Where are aerofoils found?
answer: birds and airplanes

question: What is the si unit for pressure?
answer: pascal

question: Marine fishes take in divalent ions by incessantly drinking what?
answer: seawater

question: The simplest and smallest particle of matter that still has chemical properties of the element is called?
answer: an atom

question: Frequency and intensity are two measurable properties of what?
answer: wave

question: While most mammals give birth to live young, monotremes can do what?
answer: lay eggs

question: What happens to old oceanic crust at convergent boundaries?
answer: destroyed

question: When electrons are shared between two atoms, they make a bond called a what?
answer: covalent bond

question: What happens to the temperature of matter as light is absorbed?
answer: it increases

question: By shocking ocean water, earthquakes can cause what deadly ocean waves?
answer: tsunamis

question: Where are the desmosome found in a cell?
answer: epithelium

question: An action potential that starts at the axon hillock moves along the axon only toward what?
answer: the synaptic terminals

question: Fission is a type of radioactivity in which large nuclei spontaneously break apart into what?
answer: smaller nuclei

question: Bones are the main organs of what system, which also includes cartilage and ligaments?
answer: skeletal system

question: Most waves strike the shore at an angle. this causes what?
answer: longshore drift

question: What is the difference between the daily high and the daily low?
answer: tidal change

question: Spermatogonia are the stem cells of what male sex organs?
answer: testes

question: Sensory neurons transmit nerve impulses from sense organs and internal organs to the brain via the?
answer: spinal cord

question: Sexually reproducing organisms alternate between which stages?
answer: haploid and diploid

question: Acids turn blue litmus paper which color?
answer: red

question: The development of a head region is called what?
answer: cephalization

question: Which hormone helps cells absorb sugar from the blood?
answer: insulin

question: What is the number of electrons equal to in every electrically neutral atom?
answer: protons

question: Does climate change have a positive or negative effect on reproductive success?
answer: negative

question: What is the most common form of dwarfism in humans?
answer: achondroplasia

question: What is the term for groups of three successive nucleotide bases in dna?
answer: triplets

question: The coccyx, or tailbone, results from the fusion of four small what?
answer: coccygeal vertebrae

question: What is a pure substance that cannot be separated into any other substances called?
answer: element

question: How many different types of stresses are there?
answer: four

question: A molecule has two structures that can be generated. what is this called?
answer: isomerism

question: An antigen is a molecule that reacts with some component of the what response?
answer: immune

question: What bodily system is primarily responsible for fighting pathogens in the body?
answer: immune

question: Displacement, velocity, acceleration, and force are examples of what type of quantity that has magnitude and direction?
answer: vector

question: Gases such as co2 and methane can trap what energy in earth's atmosphere, before radiating it into space?
answer: thermal energy

question: What happens when heated water is released into a body of water?
answer: thermal pollution

question: What term is used to describe a chemical released by an animal that affects the behavior or physiology of animals of the same species?
answer: pheromone

question: Producers at the base of ecological food webs are also known as?
answer: autotrophic

question: What is the term for the gas in smog that can damage plants?
answer: ozone

question: What must happen for two ions to form an ionic bond?
answer: two ions need to have opposite charges

question: What is the study of the similarities and differences in the embryos of different species?
answer: comparative embryology

question: What are the main organs of the respiratory system?
answer: lungs

question: What do you call the traits that allow a plant, animal, or other organism to survive and reproduce in its environment?
answer: adaptations

question: The products of photosynthesis are glucose and what else?
answer: oxygen

question: In what way do bacteria reproduce?
answer: binary fission

question: What type of fibers are made mostly of protein in living things?
answer: muscle fibers

question: What force is responsible for erosion by flowing water and glaciers?
answer: gravity

question: Nearly all protists exist in some type of aquatic environment, including freshwater and marine environments, damp soil, and even snow. several protist species are parasites that infect animals or plants. a few protist species live on dead organisms or their wastes, and contribute to what?
answer: their decay

question: What type of rocks form from cooled magma or lava?
answer: igneous

question: What kind of cells have positive cell potentials, and all the reduction reactions are reversible?
answer: galvanic cells

question: A fish's stream-lined body that reduces water resistance is an example of what kind of response to an aquatic lifestyle?
answer: adaptation

question: Emissions of what gas into the atmosphere from fossil fuel burning have been rising for the past several decades?
answer: carbon dioxide

question: Gymnosperms have seeds but do not have what?
answer: flowers

question: Modern members of what broad animal group live in many different habitats and are found on every continent except antarctica?
answer: reptiles

question: The right ventricle pumps what type of blood toward the lungs?
answer: oxygen-poor

question: Some 96% of the dry mass consists of organic compounds produced by what?
answer: photosynthesis

question: What is it called when something is unable to move from place to place?
answer: sessile

question: What waves are the broad range of electromagnetic waves with the longest wavelengths and lowest frequencies?
answer: radio

question: What are the two main types of sedimentary rocks?
answer: clastic and chemical

question: Light waves which interfere with themselves after interaction with a small aperture or target are said to what?
answer: diffract

question: Distance traveled divided by time yields what measurement, which is another word used to describe the speed of a chemical reaction?
answer: rate

question: Beryllium, magnesium, calcium, strontium, and barium are classified as what type of metals?
answer: alkaline earth metals

question: Common among mammals and insects, pheromones are often related to what type of behavior?
answer: reproductive

question: Neutron stars are the corpses of left over what?
answer: supernova explosions

question: In recent years, however, researchers have discovered that microsporidia actually have tiny organelles derived from what?
answer: mitochondria

question: The negative logarithm of the hydroxide-ion concentration of a solution is called?
answer: the poh

question: What is the greatest contribution of arthropods to human food supply?
answer: pollination

question: What kind of weather change do la nina years usually bring?
answer: drought

question: In physics, _______ is defined as the average kinetic energy of the particles in an object?
answer: temperature

question: What are proteins encoded by?
answer: genes

question: In alcoholic fermentation , which acid changes to alcohol and carbon dioxide?
answer: pyruvic

question: What is another term for scale worms?
answer: halkieria

question: What type of device do scientist use to determine wind speed?
answer: anemometer

question: Which constellation looks like a rectangle high in winter's south-southeastern sky?
answer: orion

question: What mammal is often a pollinator of nocturnal flowers?
answer: bat

question: What can reproduce by infecting the cell of a living host?
answer: virus

question: The theory that establishes the concepts of atoms and how they compose matter is called what?
answer: modern atomic theory

question: How does the heart transport blood?
answer: blood vessels

question: The gender of a baby is determined by what special pair of chromosomes?
answer: sex chromosomes

question: What does the activity of an organism depend on the totality of?
answer: independent cells

question: What is solid water that forms when water vapor undergoes deposition?
answer: frost

question: What gets released into the atmosphere when fossil fuels are burned?
answer: carbon dioxide

question: What is the term for the measure of a fluid's thickness?
answer: viscosity

question: Plant cells have structures that animal cells?
answer: lack

question: What reduces the need for pesticides and other toxic chemicals?
answer: fungi

question: Matter can be described with what two encompassing types of properties?
answer: physical and chemical

question: When the number of active receptors falls below that threshold, what happens to the cellular response?
answer: it ceases

question: Types of neurons include sensory neurons, motor neurons, and?
answer: interneurons

question: Active and passive forms of what enable the body to resist damage from pathogens?
answer: immunity

question: What is the energy of motion called?
answer: kinetic energy

question: What is the term for an infection caused by a fungal parasite?
answer: mycosis

question: What do you call the ability to sense sound energy and perceive sound?
answer: hearing

question: Some plants can detect increased levels of what when reflected from leaves of encroaching neighbors?
answer: light

question: What are the  high points of a transverse wave called?
answer: crests

question: What is the transfer of heat by a current?
answer: convection

question: When acellular slime molds swarm, they fuse together to form a single cell with many what?
answer: nuclei

question: Potential energy is not only associated with the location of matter, but also with the structure of matter. even a spring on the ground has potential energy if it is what?
answer: compressed

question: What is the name of film that polyester fibers form?
answer: mylar

question: Where do germline mutations occur in?
answer: in gametes

question: What a mixture of nitric acid and hydrochloric acid?
answer: aqua regia

question: Most members of what kingdom of spore-making organisms grow on the forest floor, where the dark and damp environment is rich?
answer: fungi

question: What results when the water vapor from a hot shower contacts the cooler surface of a mirror?
answer: foggy mirror

question: What type of vascular plants produce seeds in cones?
answer: gymnosperms

question: In fruit flies, all homeotic genes are found on one what?
answer: chromosome

question: Certain medications can suppress the immune system. this is an intended effect of drugs given to people with what?
answer: transplanted organs

question: The geometry of the bf 3 molecule is called what?
answer: trigonal planar

question: In multicellular organisms, mutations can be subdivided into germline mutations and?
answer: somatic mutations

question: What is the name for a biologist who studies fungi?
answer: mycologists

question: How many different kinds of ions are produced when sodium chloride dissociates ?
answer: two

question: What mineral is made of one silicon atom and two oxygen atoms?
answer: quartz

question: How many cycles do cells have?
answer: four

question: Gas particles can move randomly in what directions?
answer: all directions

question: The total number of protons and neutorns in an atom is called what?
answer: mass number

question: All matter is composed of tiny indivisible particles called atoms. all atoms of an element are identical in mass and this?
answer: chemical properties

question: Where do lightnings build up?
answer: clouds

question: What do we call zeros that appear after nonzero digits?
answer: right-end zeros

question: What term is used to describe a bond formed by the overlap of orbitals in an end-to-end fashion, with the electron density concentrated between the nuclei of the bonding atoms?
answer: sigma bond

question: According to count rumford, which two are equivalent ways of transferring energy?
answer: heat and work

question: What type of radio waves exist in the 540 to 1600 khz frequency range?
answer: am radio waves

question: What type of cells make up about one quarter of all white blood cells?
answer: lymphocytes

question: The mass of the objects and the distance between them affect the strength of what universal force?
answer: gravity

question: Without the dominant disturbance, the fire-adapted species are usually outcompeted and biodiversity is what?
answer: reduced

question: Constantly going through some form of growth and repair is a characteristic of all what?
answer: living things

question: Positive charges move in the direction of the electric field and the same direction as what current?
answer: conventional current

question: Redox reactions, like other chemical reactions, begin with a product and end with what?
answer: reactant

question: How does alcohol expand over a wide range of temperatures?
answer: uniformly

question: How many years ago may the earliest fungi have evolved?
answer: 600 million

question: What are the bones in partly movable joints held in place by?
answer: cartilage

question: Sepals, petals, stamens, and carpels are what kind of organs?
answer: floral

question: How do most growing plant cells expand?
answer: through water uptake

question: What is the common term for the chemical formula h 2 0?
answer: water

question: What kind of reaction is needed to prepare amides?
answer: carboxylic acid reaction

question: What is the process by which the egg is fertilized by the pollen of the same flower?
answer: self pollination

question: In moss, what becomes elongated to elevate the capsule to enhance spore dispersal?
answer: seta

question: What is the base unit that frequency is typically measured in?
answer: hertz

question: Controlling muscles and maintaining balance are just two of the roles of what system?
answer: nervous system

question: Displacement divided by time is equal to the average what?
answer: velocity

question: The complete hydrolysis of starch yields what?
answer: glucose

question: What term describes an imbalance of attractive forces between liquid molecules at the surface of a liquid?
answer: surface tension

question: In mammals, four specialized types of what serve to cut, tear, and grind food?
answer: teeth

question: Atherosclerosis and coronary heart disease are examples of what type of body system disease?
answer: cardiovascular system

question: When cats mark their territory by rubbing their face against an object, they deposit chemicals released by what structures?
answer: scent glands

question: Like other bryophytes, moss plants spend most of their life cycle as?
answer: gametophytes

question: What is a benefit of low sulfur coal over high sulfur coal?
answer: less pollution

question: Wings of bats and birds serve the same function. which body part should you study to understand ancestral differences?
answer: bones inside wings

question: The best thermal conductors are also the best conductors of what, which is also related to the density of free electrons in them?
answer: electricity

question: What tissue do clubmosses have that mosses do not?
answer: vascular tissue

question: The average human body contains 5,830 g of what?
answer: blood

question: What type of speciation occurs when groups from the same species are geographically isolated for long periods?
answer: allopatric

question: What can damage the hair cells lining the cochlea of the inner ear?
answer: loud sounds

question: The boiling point of a solution is higher than the boiling point of the pure solvent, but the opposite occurs with this?
answer: freezing point

question: What is the network of vessels and tissues that carry a clear fluid called lymph called?
answer: lymphatic system

question: What is defined as the change of water from its liquid phase to its gaseous phase?
answer: evaporation

question: Radiation, chemicals, and infectious agents are types of what?
answer: mutagens

question: What type of matter transmits light without scattering it?
answer: transparent

question: Steam actually consists of tiny droplets of liquid what?
answer: water

question: What mammalian class has the greatest ability to learn?
answer: humans

question: What is the part of the cardiovascular system that carries oxygen-rich blood away from the heart, to the body, and returns oxygen-poor blood back to the heart?
answer: systemic circulation

question: What causes polarization in a neutral object?
answer: separation of charges

question: Cells in blood include red blood cells, white blood cells, and what?
answer: platelets

question: What substance is created when a copper turns from reddish brown to greenish brown?
answer: copper oxide

question: The egg shell membrane encloses the nucleus containing the genetic material and what?
answer: cytoplasm

question: According to dalton's law, unless they chemically react with each other, individual gases in a mixture of gases do not affect each other’s what?
answer: pressure

question: How many mass distinctions have radically altered the history of life?
answer: five

question: The vector sum of all the torques acting on an object is called what?
answer: net torque

question: What determines how strongly an atom attracts electrons to itself?
answer: electronegativity

question: Looking directly at what celestial object can cause blindness?
answer: sun

question: The amount of kinetic energy in a moving object depends directly on what two factors?
answer: mass and velocity

question: What is the movement of fluid out of the capillaries called?
answer: filtration

question: The prevalence of cervical cancer in the united states is very low because of regular screening exams called what?
answer: pap smears

question: There is a predictable amount of solute that can be dissolved at what?
answer: specific temperature

question: Carrier proteins bind and carry the molecules across what cell structure?
answer: cell membrane

question: As per hutton's unconformity, what happened to the intermediate layers of rock?
answer: they eroded away

question: What kind of summers do humid continental climates have?
answer: cold summers

question: Compared to others, what type of liquid has a relatively high surface tension and heat capacity?
answer: water

question: Cilia and flagella are extensions of what?
answer: plasma membrane

question: Mercury and lead, which was once widely used in paint and gasoline, are examples of what type of metals?
answer: toxic heavy metals

question: During karyogamy, the haploid nuclei contributed by the two parents fuse, which produces what?
answer: diploid cells

question: What is polyisoprene better known as?
answer: rubber

question: Every chemical reaction occurs with a concurrent change in what?
answer: energy

question: What receives blood in the heart?
answer: the atria

question: Fatty acids, triglycerides, phospholipids, and steroids are examples of what?
answer: lipids

question: Where in the cell does photosynthesis occur?
answer: chloroplast

question: Sympathetic stimulation also triggers the release of epinephrine and norepinephrine, which enhance both cardiac output and what else?
answer: vasoconstriction

question: Not surprisingly, centipedes, millipedes and other members of the subphylum myriapoda are adapted to living on what?
answer: land

question: What are found in moist forests that break down decaying plant material?
answer: myriapoda

question: By breaking down wastes and remains of dead organisms, decomposers perform what function in an ecosystem?
answer: recycling

question: What are sugars broken down into in your digestive system?
answer: glucose

question: Approximately how many weeks does the fetal period last?
answer: 30 weeks

question: Because dizygotic twins develop from two eggs fertilized by two sperm, they are no more identical than siblings born at what?
answer: different times

question: What is the plasma membrane mainly composed of?
answer: phospholipids

question: Astronomers have wondered if the universe is expanding fast enough to escape the pull of what?
answer: gravity

question: When someone falls, the kinetic energy the person has upon reaching the floor is the amount of what energy lost by falling through height?
answer: potential energy

question: What are protons and neutrons that make up the nucleus of an atom called?
answer: nucleons

question: The sun, stars, moon, planets and comets are all type of what objects?
answer: celestrial

question: What is the total number of codons?
answer: 64

question: Solution nodes and antinodes are both areas of wave interference, but they differ in the presence of what condition?
answer: motion

question: While similar to insects, what eight-legged invertebrates lack antennae or wings?
answer: arachnids

question: How many chromosomes do mature gametes contain?
answer: 23

question: What is the term for land that has permanently frozen soil?
answer: permafrost

question: When sparks from a steel grinder react with oxygen, what do they form?
answer: iron oxide

question: What should you learn that allows you to recognize and avoid the dangers of specific hazards when experimenting, such as flames or broken glass?
answer: lab safety symbols

question: Motor vehicles account for almost half of the consumption of what?
answer: fossil fuel

question: Bacterial stis can be cured with what?
answer: antibiotics

question: Fats are also called triacylglycerols or triglycerides because of their what?
answer: chemical structure

question: What mammalian structure allows the exchange of gases, nutrients, and other substances between the fetus and mother?
answer: placenta

question: Fossil fuel consumption is a major contributor to global emissions of what gas?
answer: carbon dioxide

question: What is the main function of blood?
answer: to transport

question: Biotechnology is the use of biological agents for technological advancement. what two areas are the primary applications of this technology used?
answer: medicine and agriculture

question: Unlike free-living species of flatworms that are predators or scavengers, what forms feed from the tissues of their hosts?
answer: parasitic

question: When heat flows into an object, its thermal energy increases and so does its what?
answer: temperature

question: What are telescopes that use lenses to bend light called?
answer: refracting telescopes

question: The science of analyzing tree rings is called what?
answer: dendrochronology

question: Which type of arthritis causes the immune system to attack joints?
answer: rheumatoid

question: A species is a subdivision of a genus in what classification system?
answer: linnaean system

question: What is the force that pulls particles at the exposed surface of a liquid toward other liquid particles called?
answer: surface tension

question: What state is achieved when the body's internal environment is kept more-or-less constant?
answer: homeostasis

question: Kinetic and potential are two forms of what?
answer: energy

question: Humans are unique in their ability to alter their environment with the conscious purpose of increasing what, which acts as a limiting factor on populations in general?
answer: carrying capacity

question: A desmosome is a cell structure that anchors the ends of what fibers together?
answer: cardiac muscle

question: How much space a surface covers is known as what?
answer: area

question: What do aquatic arthropods use to exchange gases?
answer: gills

question: What kind of rays can travel thousands of meters through air and can penetrate and damage cells deep inside the body?
answer: gamma rays

question: Of the three types of skeleton designs - hydrostatic skeletons, exoskeletons, and endoskeletons - which do humans possess?
answer: endoskeleton

question: What regulates homeostasis and basic survival behaviors?
answer: hypothalamus

question: What device changes kinetic energy to electrical energy through electromagnetic induction?
answer: electric generator

question: What are two nonliving things that all living things need for survival?
answer: water and air

question: The fight or flight response involves what system?
answer: autonomic nervous system

question: How many types of galaxies are there?
answer: three

question: Skin color is controlled by genes but also influenced by exposure to what?
answer: sunlight

question: Higher temperatures increase the rate of reaction in a lot of chemical reactions because they increase the frequency of what interaction between reactant particles?
answer: collisions

question: Knees and elbows are examples of what part of the skeletal system?
answer: joints

question: Einstein’s equation helps scientists understand what happens in nuclear reactions and why they produce so much what?
answer: energy

question: Ovulation is the release of an egg from the what?
answer: ovary

question: The process in which the nucleus divides is called what?
answer: mitosis

question: What is used to recrystallize excess dissolved solute in a supersaturated solution?
answer: seed crystal

question: Our bodies use what, primarily in the form of glucose, for our immediate energy needs - although they are not as energy dense or capable of long-term storage as lipids?
answer: carbohydrates

question: What part of the body do ants use to detect chemicals?
answer: antennae

question: Water has the properties of cohesion and what else?
answer: adhesion

question: Fitness and natural selection are parts of what theory that might describe how organisms change over time?
answer: evolution

question: What three forces are involved in erosion?
answer: water, wind, gravity

question: Thermodynamics do not give us any insight into what attribute of spontaneous processes?
answer: rate

question: What is the main source of hydrocarbons?
answer: fossil fuels

question: What is the process of the blastula forming 3 layers of cells called?
answer: gastrulation

question: How does air pressure change as altitude increases?
answer: it decreases

question: In harmonic motion there is always what force, which acts in the opposite direction of the velocity?
answer: restorative force

question: Many of the protist species classified into the supergroup excavata are asymmetrical, single-celled organisms with a feeding groove “excavated” from one side. this supergroup includes heterotrophic predators, photosynthetic species, and these?
answer: parasites

question: What is the thick fluid in the space between bones that cushions the joint?
answer: synovial fluid

question: What is the name of the portion of a nucleotide lacking phosphate groups?
answer: a nucleoside

question: The band disappears before metaphase but predicts the future plane of what?
answer: cell division

question: What is a common age-related bone disease in which bone density and strength is decreased?
answer: osteoporosis

question: Bacteria reproduce through what process?
answer: binary fission

question: What is the branch of science that studies the physical world?
answer: physics

question: Osteoclasts break down bone to maintain mineral what?
answer: homeostatis

question: Which carbohydrates can be classified in terms of chain length?
answer: simple

question: What is altered by changes in cardiac output by variable contriction of the arterioles?
answer: blood pressure

question: Eukaryotic cells are cells that contain what?
answer: a nucleus

question: What distinctive dna shape forms when the two nucleotide chains wrap around the same axis?
answer: double helix

question: The oxygen regions of the water molecules have what kind of charge?
answer: negative

question: Humans use many compounds that were first discovered or derived from living organisms as medicines: secondary plant compounds, animal toxins, and antibiotics produced by these?
answer: bacteria and fungi

question: Millipedes and centipedes are the most commonly found examples of what group of arthropods?
answer: subphylum myriapoda

question: Glass breaking is an example of what type of change that doesn't affect the makeup of matter?
answer: physical

question: Aldehydes, ketones, carboxylic acids, esters, and ethers all have functional groups containing what element?
answer: oxygen

question: What forms when an atom gains electrons?
answer: anions

question: There are several types of wetlands including marshes, swamps, bogs, mudflats, and salt marshes. the three shared characteristics among these types—what makes them wetlands—are their hydrology, hydrophytic vegetation, and this?
answer: hydric soils

question: What element is typically used to shield things from gamma rays?
answer: lead

question: What is the combination of tissues that provides a tough, woody external covering on the stems of trees called?
answer: bark

question: Because microorganisms can go through several generations in a matter of hours, their gene expression profiles adapt to the new laboratory environment very quickly. in addition, the vast majority of bacterial species resist being cultured in this?
answer: isolation

question: Examples of acute forms of what type of diseases include the common cold and influenza?
answer: viral diseases

question: What do red blood cells carry?
answer: oxygen

question: The sympathetic division of the vertebrate autonomic nervous system has evolved the fight-or-flight response to counter stress-induced disruptions of this?
answer: homeostasis

question: What light-producing process occurs when a substance absorbs shorter-wavelength ultraviolet light and then gives off the energy as visible light?
answer: fluorescence

question: What lies between the continental shelf and the abyssal plain?
answer: continental slope

question: In the first beaker, distilled water does not conduct a current because water is a what?
answer: molecular compound

question: What is another term for hydraulic fracturing?
answer: fracking

question: In what unit is speed usually measured?
answer: miles per hour

question: Unlike liver bile, 'juice' produced by what organ is clear and composed mostly of water along with some salts, sodium bicarbonate, and digestive enzymes?
answer: pancreas

question: What term means opposition to the flow of electric charges that occurs when electric current travels through matter?
answer: resistance

question: According to law, what must packaged foods carry?
answer: nutrition facts label

question: What type of terminal releases neurotransmitters at a synapse?
answer: axon

question: What chemical affects the onset of puberty and duration?
answer: hormones

question: What are the only plants with a life cycle in which the gametophyte generation is dominant?
answer: nonvascular

question: What do angiosperms produce?
answer: flowers and fruit

question: What should you let liquid waste do before placing the container in the trash?
answer: evaporate

question: Mammoths, close genetic relatives of modern elephants, are believed to have gone extinct due to hunting by humans and what factor?
answer: climate change

question: What is the ph level of neutral, pure water?
answer: seven

question: Which organ system defends the body from pathogens and other causes of disease?
answer: immune system

question: What is the process where scientific articles are checked and analyzed by other scientists before publication?
answer: peer review

question: A mutation is a random change in an organism's what?
answer: genes

question: Synovial and ball-and-socket are both types of what?
answer: joints

question: Who invented dynamite in 1866?
answer: alfred nobel

question: Most liquid freshwater is under the ground in layers of what?
answer: rock

question: What phenotype do gain-of-function mutations usually result in?
answer: dominant

question: What occurs if oxygen cannot be obtained at a sufficient rate?
answer: anaerobic respiration

question: What are the key to species evolving?
answer: mutations

question: Cancer develops when what process is unregulated?
answer: cell division

question: What are needed to oxidize the noble gases to form compounds in positive oxidation states?
answer: potent oxidants

question: Which muscles raise the hyoid bone, the floor of the mouth, and the larynx during deglutition?
answer: suprahyoid

question: What type of energy is stored in an object because of its position or shape?
answer: potential

question: Like plants, animals are multicellular what?
answer: eukaryotes

question: A doorknob and a ferris wheel are examples of what type of simple machine?
answer: wheel and axle

question: What do ocean mollusks use to absorb oxygen from the water?
answer: gills

question: What is paleobotany?
answer: study of extinct plants

question: What happens to the level of relative humidity in the evening as air temperature declines?
answer: it rises

question: What term is used to describe a compound that does not conduct an electric current in either aqueous solution or in the molten state?
answer: nonelectrolyte

question: Peregrine falcons made an incredible recovery after laws were passed banning the use of what?
answer: ddt

question: What pathway in a plant do water and nutrients travel through from the roots to the leaves?
answer: stem

question: In the tropics what are the prevailing winds called?
answer: tradewinds

question: How many chromosomes are in a diploid human cell?
answer: 46 chromosomes

question: Motion of water molecules helps break up interactions between what?
answer: solid ions or molecules

question: Which cycle is named after the scientist melvin calvin?
answer: calvin cycle

question: What is formed when a subducting plate flows under another tectonic plate?
answer: volcanic arc

question: What force increases a slide downhill and decreases a slide uphill?
answer: gravity

question: Lymphoma is a cancer of a type of what type of cells, called lymphocytes?
answer: white blood cells

question: What type of eggs do fully terrestrial vertebrates carry?
answer: amniotic

question: What is the time since the beginning of the ice ages?
answer: quaternary period

question: What will the contraction of smooth muscles help organs do?
answer: carry out functions

question: What is an acid that can be produced from the aerobic fermentation of wine?
answer: vinegar

question: Weathering is fundamental to the creation of what, which exists as a very thin layer over solid rock?
answer: soil

question: What type of weathering causes the minerals in a rock to change?
answer: chemical

question: What is the process in which a liquid changes to a solid?
answer: freezing

question: By pulling out grass by its roots and over-grazing, livestock contribute to what negative process?
answer: erosion

question: What are the three types of isomers?
answer: structural, cis-trans, enatiomers

question: The chloroplasts contain a green pigment called what?
answer: chlorophyll

question: What state occurs when the amount of solute dissolved exceeds the solubility?
answer: supersaturation

question: What occurs when spores from two parents fuse and form a zygospore?
answer: sexual reproduction

question: Macrophages and dendritic cells are types of what"
answer: phagocytic cells

question: What side of a mountain does the rainshadow effect occur on?
answer: the leeward side

question: Centrioles are a very important part of what?
answer: centrosomes

question: What is the volume of the molecules of an ideal gas?
answer: zero

question: What part of the body are eggs formed in?
answer: ovaries

question: What is the first digestive organ that food enters?
answer: mouth

question: Soda fizzes when what common gas comes out of solution?
answer: carbon dioxide

question: The voltage and current are exactly in phase in a what?
answer: resistor

question: Combining the voltages of the oxidation and reduction half reactions helps to determine what?
answer: voltage

question: What occurs when an unstable nucleus emits a beta particle and energy?
answer: beta decay

question: A chemical property describes the ability of a substance to undergo a specific what?
answer: chemical change

question: When energy is captured or transformed, it inevitably degrades and becomes what less useful form of energy?
answer: heat

question: The periodic table is one of the cornerstones of chemistry because it organizes all the known elements on the basis of their what?
answer: chemical properties

question: What organs filter wastes from blood so they can be excreted from the body?
answer: kidneys

question: The tidal forces near what celestial phenomena are so great they can actually tear matter from a companion star?
answer: black holes

question: What are female gonads normally called?
answer: ovaries

question: Starch and glycogen, as well as simple sugars like glucose and fructose, can all be categorized broadly as what?
answer: carbohydrates

question: Lipids are biochemical compounds such as fats and?
answer: oils

question: What is the process of small molecules passing through the plasma membrane called?
answer: diffusion

question: What change the physical properties of solvents?
answer: solutes

question: Which human body system is a complex network of nervous tissue that carries electrical messages throughout the body?
answer: the nervous system

question: What is a sheet of muscle that spreads across the bottom of the rib cage?
answer: diaphragm

question: What creates charged regions in a water molecule?
answer: polar covalent bonds

question: Phosphorus exists as several allotropes, the most common being red, black, and what?
answer: white phosphorus

question: What is the term for environmental causes of mutations?
answer: mutagens

question: How are classic sedimentary rocks group?
answer: size of sediment

question: How many eyelid membranes do frogs have?
answer: three

question: What is another word for saturated hydrocarbons?
answer: alkanes

question: Where is the pressure of gases in the atmosphere at its greatest?
answer: sea level

question: What strong and lightweight manmade material is derived from hydrocarbons and used in ropes, tents and parachutes?
answer: nylon

question: What is the third male reprodutive structure after the penis and testes?
answer: epididymis

question: What are considered solid lipids that animals use to store energy?
answer: fats

question: The small, egg-shaped organs that lie on either side of the uterus are called?
answer: ovaries

question: Which competition leads to one species going extinct or both becoming more specialized?
answer: interspecific

question: Who discovered that the andromeda nebula is over 2 million light years away
answer: edwin hubble

question: What does every star emit that humans cannot see?
answer: radiation

question: What type pf mining is used to obtain mineral ores that are near the surface?
answer: surface mining

question: The external female reproductive structures are referred to collectively as what?
answer: the vulva

question: Acid rain may be caused by what?
answer: air pollution

question: What process is used to chemically and mechanically break down the food you eat into smaller parts?
answer: digestion

question: What is the study of matter and the changes that material substances undergo.
answer: chemistry

question: What occurs when the presence or absence of a specific behavior prevents reproduction from taking place?
answer: behavioral isolation

question: Why have rivers in arid regions been reduced to trickles?
answer: diversion of water

question: Having extra chromosomes or damaged chromosomes can cause what?
answer: disorders

question: What do farmers use greenhouses for?
answer: to extend the growing season

question: What is it called when two waves in the same medium pass one another?
answer: interference

question: Which forests are found throughout the ocean in temperate and arctic climates?
answer: kelp

question: What is the type of cancer in which bone marrow produces abnormal white blood cells that cannot fight infections?
answer: leukemia

question: Mechanical energy can also usually be expressed as the sum of kinetic energy and what other kind of energy?
answer: potential energy

question: What kind of bonds are forces of attraction between positive metal ions and the valence electrons that are constantly moving around them?
answer: metallic bonds

question: Aldehydes and ketones can work weak hydrogen bonds with water through what atom?
answer: carbonyl oxygen atom

question: Asexual reproduction in plants is typically an extension of the capacity for what?
answer: indeterminate growth

question: A type of what in a cow's gut enables the animal to digest grass?
answer: bacteria

question: What basic structures are called the building blocks of life and comprise all living things?
answer: cells

question: What kind of behavior occurs only after experience or practice and describes most human behaviors?
answer: learned behavior

question: What is the study of the interaction between matter and energy called?
answer: chemistry

question: Prescribed to treat allergies, antihistamines and corticosteroids help control what system that attacks allergens?
answer: immune system

question: The main advantage of urea is its very low what?
answer: toxicity

question: What type of blood cells transport oxygen to the tissues so they can function?
answer: red blood cells

question: What title is used to describe health professionals who use nonsurgical techniques to help patients with musculoskeletal system problems that involve the bones, muscles, ligaments, tendons, or nervous system?
answer: chiropractor chiropractors

question: Flowers pollinated by what means generally lack brightly colored parts?
answer: wind

question: Fog disappears when the water droplets change back to what?
answer: water vapor

question: What is the name of the type of combustion engine that you would find in a car?
answer: internal combustion engine

question: What must molecules have to be cis-trans isomers?
answer: double bond

question: In physics, work means the use of what to move an object?
answer: force

question: Types of radiation that cause cancer include ultraviolet (uv) radiation and what?
answer: radon

question: How many calories of energy does one gram of sugar or starch provide?
answer: 4

question: Defecating, urination, and even childbirth involve cooperation between the diaphragm and these?
answer: abdominal muscles

question: When we move down a group of elements on the periodic table, what happens to their electronegativity?
answer: it decreases

question: What two elements do chloroplasts split water into?
answer: hydrogen and oxygen

question: Continuous-flow reactors are chemical reaction vessels in which the what are mixed and allowed to react as they flow along a tube?
answer: reactants

question: What is it called when one or more ending digits are dropped to get the correct number of significant figures?
answer: rounding

question: Hair sticks out from the epidermis, but it grows from the?
answer: dermis

question: The milky way galaxy is which shape type of galaxy?
answer: spiral

question: Atmospheric pressure is low in what anatomically named part of a hurricane?
answer: eye

question: What occurs when a substance diffuses through a cell membrane without any help from other molecules?
answer: simple diffusion

question: Sodium and chloride ions have equal but what charges?
answer: opposite

question: What is making measurements that are close to the true value known as?
answer: accuracy

question: What are muscle cells in the muscles called?
answer: muscle fibers

question: What term means the minimum energy required in order for a collision between molecules to result in a chemical reaction?
answer: activation energy

question: What term is used to describe the change in size or volume of a given mass with temperature?
answer: thermal expansion

question: What are created based upon the loss or gain of electrons?
answer: ions

question: All atoms of the same element have the same number of what?
answer: protons

question: What kind of chain is formed by subduction of oceanic crust beneath a continental or oceanic plate?
answer: volcano

question: Which kinds of cells have nuclei and other membrane bound organelles?
answer: eukaryotes

question: What regulates the thyroid gland in a body?
answer: negative feedback loop

question: Females of what mammalian group have mammary glands but lack nipples?
answer: monotreme

question: What helps fungus digest cellulose and other materials found in rotting matter?
answer: enzymes

question: In what form of lipids cells store energy for long-term use?
answer: fat

question: What is used to fluoridate drinking water to promote dental health
answer: calcium fluoride

question: Light reactions also release oxygen gas as a what?
answer: waste product

question: What is the term for rain that has a ph less than 5, due to carbon dioxide dissolving?
answer: acid rain

question: What gas is released into the atmosphere when fossil fuels are burned?
answer: co2

question: What are the most energetic of all electromagnetic waves, which can be used to treat cancer?
answer: gamma rays

question: When does a baby double in length and triple in weight?
answer: infancy

question: Where do the cells in your body get oxygen from?
answer: red blood cells

question: What type of generations do plants alternate between during a life cycle?
answer: haploid and diploid

question: Genetic diversity in a population comes from two main sources - sexual reproduction and what else?
answer: mutation

question: What state of matter completes the list: solid, liquid, gas?
answer: plasma

question: The heart, blood vessels, and blood make up which system in the body?
answer: cardiovascular

question: What unit of measurement is typically used for rainfall?
answer: inches

question: Which elements fall between metals and nonmetals in the periodic table?
answer: metalloids

question: What is it called when bones get longer and bigger?
answer: growth

question: What kind of reactions are involved in processes ranging from the contraction of muscles to the digestion of food?
answer: chemical

question: Mycorrhizae functions as a physical barrier to what?
answer: pathogens

question: What do skeletal muscles enable the body to do?
answer: move

question: What is the sum total of all body reactions?
answer: metabolism

question: What type of reproduction involves combining genetic material from two parents to create distinct offspring?
answer: sexual reproduction

question: What kind of molecule is made from one or more long chains of amino acids?
answer: protein molecule

question: What part of the heart receives the blood is pumped from veins of the systemic circuit?
answer: right atrium

question: What type of properties are characteristics that describe matter?
answer: physical

question: What is the leading cause of death in the united states?
answer: heart disease

question: What results when gas particles rebound off the walls of their container?
answer: pressure

question: How do most fish reproduce with one another?
answer: sexually

question: What is the ability to cause changes in matter?
answer: energy

question: The group 18 gases that have 8 valence electrons are referred to as what type of gases?
answer: noble

question: Competition is a relationship between organisms that depend on the same resources. the resources might be food, water, or what?
answer: space

question: What does phagocytosis defend the body from?
answer: pathogens

question: What measures the force of gravity pulling on an object?
answer: weight

question: Are coral reefs found in warm or cold water?
answer: warm

question: In humans, there are five primary tastes, and each taste has only one corresponding type of what?
answer: receptor

question: The large positive free energy change leads to a value that is extremely what?
answer: small

question: Slime molds are fungus-like protists that grow as slimy masses on what?
answer: decaying matter

question: What is the body cavity that reptiles have that is involved in reproduction?
answer: cloaca

question: What is the germ for a group of atoms within a molecule that reacts similarly anywhere it appears in different compounds?
answer: functional group

question: During asexual reproduction, fungi produce haploid spores by what process involving a haploid parent cell?
answer: mitosis

question: In eukaryotes, oxidative phosphorylation takes place in what?
answer: mitochondria

question: Short chains of two amino acids (dipeptides) or three amino acids (tripeptides) are also transported actively. however, after they enter the absorptive epithelial cells, they are broken down into their amino acids before leaving the cell and entering the capillary blood via what?
answer: diffusion

question: What do fungi use to penetrate deep into decaying matter?
answer: hyphae

question: All living cells in multicellular organisms contain an internal cytoplasmic compartment, and a nucleus within the cytoplasm. cytosol, the jelly-like substance within the cell, provides the fluid medium necessary for this?
answer: biochemical reactions

question: Under appropriate conditions, the attractions between all molecules in what state will cause them to form liquids or solids?
answer: gas

question: What else besides temperature has an effect on the phase of a substance?
answer: pressure

question: What type of charge does a neutron have?
answer: neutral or no charge

question: Animals that molt their exoskeletons belong to which clade?
answer: ecdysozoa

question: Alkaline earth metals are what color?
answer: silvery grey

question: What type of movement is caused by erosion from direct gravity?
answer: mass movement

question: What term is used describe energy released during an earthquake?
answer: magnitude

question: What are the rolling motions during an earthquake called?
answer: surface waves

question: What is the process that breaks down rocks into smaller pieces?
answer: weathering

question: What is the measurement for the amount of water vapor in the air?
answer: humidity

question: Major exchange pools of carbon include organisms and what else?
answer: the atmosphere

question: When light is absorbed by a material, what may increase?
answer: its temperature

question: What branch of physical science looks at how heat, work, and various forms of energy are related to one another?
answer: thermodynamics

question: Connective tissues typically have three characteristic components in common: cells, large amounts of amorphous ground substance, and what else?
answer: protein fibers

question: After what stage do the last 2 stages of food  processing occur?
answer: digestion

question: What part of the plant holds the plant upright?
answer: the stem

question: What is a circuit that consists of one loop called?
answer: series circuit

question: Leaves respond to these environmental stimuli by producing less what?
answer: chlorophyll

question: Mammals that lay eggs are called what?
answer: monotremes

question: In what ocean is the mid-atlantic ridge located?
answer: atlantic ocean

question: Models may be physical, conceptual, or what else?
answer: mathematical

question: What is an organism that spreads bacteria or other pathogens?
answer: vector

question: What influences the types of plants and animals that inhabit a specific biome?
answer: climate

question: In the vast majority of ectopic pregnancies, the embryo does not complete its journey to what organ, and instead implants in the uterine tube?
answer: uterus

question: In a single-celled organism such as chlamydomonas, there is no what after fertilization?
answer: mitosis

question: Timber, medicines, dyes, oils, and rubber are just some of the useful products humans derive from what?
answer: plants

question: Differences between organisms reflect differences between their nucleotide sequences rather than between their what?
answer: genetic codes

question: Lying with their mouths open, a behavior called gaping, probably serves what function for crocodiles?
answer: cooling down

question: What type of living things break down dead organisms and recycle their nutrients into the soil?
answer: decomposers

question: When food enters the stomach after a period of fasting, a drop in what initiates the conversion of pepsinogen to pepsin?
answer: ph

question: Mutations that lead to cancer usually occur in genes that control the cell cycle. these include tumor-suppressor genes and what?
answer: proto-oncogenes

question: What type of environment is maintained in homeostasis?
answer: constant internal

question: When calculating impulse, consider the change in _______ of one of the objects in the collision?
answer: momentum

question: What word describes any chemical that affects the body’s structure or function?
answer: drug

question: The entry of acidic chyme into the duodenum stimulates the release of what?
answer: secretin

question: Adulthood is divided into how many stages?
answer: three

question: What is the single bone that forms the posterior skull and posterior base of the cranial cavity?
answer: occipital bone

question: Is the progeny produced by asexual reproduction stronger or weaker than seedlings produced by sexual reproduction?
answer: stronger

question: Supersaturated solutions of most solids in water are prepared by cooling what?
answer: saturated solutions

question: Bacterial stis usually can be cured with what?
answer: antibiotics

question: Intensity is defined to be the power per unit area carried by a what?
answer: wave

question: Trophic level 4 = tertiary consumers that eat what kind of consumers?
answer: secondary consumers

question: What takes the shape of the container they are placed in and have a definite volume?
answer: liquids

question: What is produced when a colorless solution of lead nitrate is added to a colorless solution of potassium iodide?
answer: yellow solid precipitate

question: Due to the difference in the distribution of charge, water is what type of molecule?
answer: polar

question: What do we call the major artery carrying recently oxygenated blood away from the heart?
answer: aorta

question: In a model of a hemoglobin molecule, the purple part indicates the presence of what element?
answer: iron

question: What kind of gland produces an oily substance that waterproofs the hair and skin?
answer: sebaceous gland

question: Which type of substance is considered a proton donor in a reaction?
answer: acid

question: What are materials that are good conductors of thermal energy called?
answer: thermal conductors

question: Why do players with more mass often have a larger impact in football?
answer: momentum is larger

question: Corals build hard exoskeletons that grow to become what?
answer: coral reefs

question: What property is the result of force acting on a given area?
answer: pressure

question: Nervous tissue consists of just two basic types of nerve cells: neurons and?
answer: glial cells

question: The plasma membrane of a skeletal muscle fiber is called the what?
answer: sarcolemma

question: What is the force pulling an object downward called?
answer: weight

question: Which part of all mammals have the same basic bone structure?
answer: forelimbs

question: The symbol for each what is usually the first letter or two of its name?
answer: element

question: The only things that affect the period of a simple pendulum are its length and the acceleration due to gravity. the period is completely independent of other factors, such as this?
answer: mass

question: What is the amide bond that occurs between the amino nitrogen of one amino acid and the carboxyl carbon of another amino acid?
answer: a peptide bond

question: What encloses the border of animal cells?
answer: plasma membrane

question: Heterotrophic organisms use organic compounds, usually from other organisms, as a source of what basic element of life?
answer: carbon

question: Electrons always result in what?
answer: an anion that is larger than the parent atom

question: The diffusion of water across a membrane because of a difference in concentration is called?
answer: osmosis

question: Bioluminescence is an example of what type of activity that is carried out by a cell and is precisely coordinated and controlled?
answer: metabolic

question: What reflex is commonly tested in newborn infants to establish the presence of neuromuscular function?
answer: plantar

question: All of the monatomic ions have oxidation numbers equal to their?
answer: charges

question: Unlike plants, animal species rely almost exclusively on what type of reproduction?
answer: sexual reproduction

question: Give an example of benthos that live near vents on the deep ocean floor.
answer: tubeworms

question: What is the distinctive shape of the molecule that contains genetic information?
answer: spiral

question: What is a bread mold and research organism that also grows in the wild on burned vegetation
answer: neurospora

question: How do most echinoderms reproduce?
answer: sexually

question: What do all cells have in common?
answer: small size

question: What do electric motors use to change electrical energy into kinetic?
answer: electromagnets

question: What are prokaryotic cells filled with?
answer: cytoplasm

question: What is the name of plant-like protists?
answer: algae

question: A sticky, moist secretion that covers mucous membranes is called what?
answer: mucus

question: What system lets flatworms maintain a proper balance of water and salts?
answer: excretory

question: What gas associated with global warming is released when limestone is heated during the production of cement?
answer: carbon dioxide

question: Because their embryos are surrounded by a thin membrane, reptiles are considered what?
answer: amniotes

question: What type of energy is clean and does not release greenhouse gases?
answer: geothermal energy

question: Physical and chemical properties of geometric isomers are generally what?
answer: different

question: What type of cell has a singular chromosome, no nucleus, and few other organelles?
answer: prokaryotic

question: Protists, fungi, animals, and plants all consist of what kind of cells?
answer: eukaryotic

question: What does magma that cools underground form?
answer: intrusions

question: What is used to report the results of scientific measurements?
answer: si units

question: What is the first digestive organ that food enters?
answer: mouth

question: Insulin is made up of how many polypeptide chains?
answer: two

question: What is the term for the energy of movement?
answer: mechanical energy

question: What type of organisms are helpless at birth and require lots of help from their parents?
answer: altricial organisms

question: Metallic bonds allow metals to do what, in the manner of a willow tree?
answer: bend without breaking

question: What is a substance that can not be broken down any further into other substances?
answer: pure substance

question: What three characteristics do waves have?
answer: reflection, refraction and deflection

question: What organ creates bile?
answer: liver

question: What is the smallest and most fundamental unit of matter, consisting of a nucleus surrounded by electrons?
answer: atom

question: Mutation of beneficial proto-oncogenes is a prime culprit in what disease?
answer: cancer

question: What happens to charges whenever they are accelerated?
answer: they radiate

question: What is it in bone marrow transplants that may cause a graft versus host reaction?
answer: lymphocytes

question: The vagina starts at the vulva and ends where?
answer: the uterus

question: Regulatory proteins bind to regulatory elements to control what?
answer: transcription

question: Microfilaments are mostly concentrated just beneath what?
answer: the cell membrane

question: What term is used for any combination of two or more atoms?
answer: molecule

question: What is biomass made into fuel called?
answer: bio fuel

question: What type of thin lava forms shapes and tubes as it flows?
answer: pāhoehoe

question: The nucleolus, which makes ribosomes, is located within what cell structure?
answer: nucleus

question: Electrons flow through the electrolyte from the ________ to __________ electrode.
answer: negative; positive

question: What is the name of the part that connects the vagina with the uterus?
answer: cervix

question: No-till farming is one effort to combat what, caused by typical farming practices?
answer: soil erosion

question: Geysers are created when what is heated beneath the earth's surface?
answer: water

question: Increasing voltage with a higher-volt battery does what to the current?
answer: increases it

question: Hydrogen peroxide will decompose over time to produce _______ gas.
answer: water and oxygen

question: What kind of pipettes are suitable for measuring very small amounts of liquids?
answer: micropipettes

question: What is the measure of the force of gravity pulling down on an object called?
answer: weight

question: Boiling points increase with which kind of mass?
answer: molar mass

question: The largest absorption of heat comes during the vaporization of what?
answer: liquid water

question: What do fungi absorb to get their nutrition?
answer: organic compounds from other organisms

question: The variable is the speed of light. for the relationship to hold mathematically, if the speed of light is used in m/s, the wavelength must be in meters and the frequency in what?
answer: hertz

question: A yolk sac replaces what structure for nourishing a marsupial embryo?
answer: placenta

question: What is the pressure of gas in a gas mixture termed?
answer: partial pressure

question: Making ups about 50 percent of the modern american diet, what food group can be classified according to the number of monomers they contain of simple sugars and/or complex sugars?
answer: carbohydrates

question: What is the process of the fusion of a sperm and an egg called?
answer: fertilization

question: What is the motion that moves the forearm from the supinated position to the pronated position?
answer: pronation

question: What organ system consists of the skin, nails and hair?
answer: integumentary system

question: What does it mean to be a diploid organism?
answer: organism has two copies of each gene

question: What do you call the carbohydrate formed when two monosaccharides bond together?
answer: disaccharide

question: What is the term for a resource that is used in a way that meets the needs of the present without keeping future generations from meeting their needs?
answer: sustainable

question: The genes that code for the positive cell cycle regulators are called what?
answer: proto-oncogenes

question: What are essential for pollination, but  can spread disease and destroy crops?
answer: insects

question: Branching food chains and complex trophic interactions form what?
answer: food webs

question: The chemical behavior of elements can largely be explained by what?
answer: electron configurations

question: Metalloids, metals, and nonmetals are all classes of what?
answer: elements

question: How does air always flow?
answer: high to low

question: What type of invisible waves are used in microwaves?
answer: radiation

question: Which muscular organ pumps blood all around your body?
answer: heart

question: What causes the changes of puberty?
answer: estrogen

question: If a sedimentary rock layer is not horizontal, what is it?
answer: deformed

question: What system, which includes the skin, plays important roles in protection, sensing stimuli and thermoregulation?
answer: integumentary system

question: What type of plant tissue transports water and dissolved mineral upward to the leaves?
answer: xylem

question: What can lenses be used to make?
answer: visual representations

question: Surface tension is a property of matter that is in what state?
answer: liquid

question: Amphibians have permeable skin which allows for the exchange of oxygen and carbon dioxide, what is this "breathing called?"
answer: cutaneous respiration

question: What is the main component of paper, cardboard, and textiles made from cotton, linen, and other plant fibers?
answer: cellulose

question: What theory explains the physical behavior of gases?
answer: kinetic theory of gases

question: Only finished mrnas are exported from the nucleus to what?
answer: cytoplasm

question: What is the largest artery in the body called?
answer: aorta

question: What type of change has occurred when a copper penny changes color?
answer: chemical change

question: A switch in a circuit controls the flow of what, specifically, within the circuit?
answer: current

question: What causes fertilization to occur?
answer: sperm and an egg fuse

question: Because they spread seeds, fruits are an agent of what?
answer: dispersal

question: Proto-oncogenes normally help regulate what?
answer: cell division

question: The "double helix" shape is associated with what substance found in cells?
answer: dna

question: What do you call the physical environment in which a species lives and to which it is adapted?
answer: habitat

question: What is the outer core made of?
answer: liquid metal

question: What type of eukaryotes are protists normally?
answer: unicellular

question: An inclined plane is a good example of what kind of machine?
answer: simple

question: The pressure of a sample of gas is measured with an open-end what?
answer: manometer

question: Bog destruction in scotland is an example of the widespread loss of what kind of habitat?
answer: wetland

question: What part of the plant has a root end and a shoot end?
answer: axis

question: Hardness, density, color, and melting and boiling points are all considered what types of properties?
answer: physical

question: Low levels of thyroid hormones in the blood cause the release of what by the hypothalamus and pituitary gland?
answer: hormones

question: The energy changes in what reactions are enormous compared with those of even the most energetic chemical reactions, and they result in a measurable change of mass?
answer: nuclear reactions

question: What type of chemistry is the study of the composition of matter?
answer: analytical

question: Scientists did not actually see viruses until what was invented?
answer: electron microscope

question: Regularly done aerobic activities can help build up endurance and make what vital organ stronger?
answer: heart

question: What do all chemical sections need to get started?
answer: energy

question: What do people apply to their lawns that causes water pollution?
answer: chemicals

question: What do vertebrates possess that is made up of repeating bony units?
answer: vertebral column

question: How long does it take for earth to rotate on it's axis one time?
answer: 24 hours

question: In what system can energy change forms but the total amount of energy stay constant?
answer: closed

question: What characteristics of an organism help it survive?
answer: adaptations

question: The major component of a solution is called what?
answer: solvent

question: What type of pollution is generated by power plants and factories that can directly raise the temperature of water?
answer: thermal pollution

question: Nearly all of what are constructed from a set of just 20 common amino acids?
answer: biological proteins

question: What takes place when water on earth’s surface changes to water vapor?
answer: evaporation

question: The muscles of the anterior neck assist in deglutition also known as what?
answer: swallowing

question: Cells infected with viruses secrete what example of early induced proteins, which travel to adjacent cells and induce them to make antiviral proteins, a sacrifice that protects the surrounding cells?
answer: interferons

question: What term is used to describe changes to an organism’s dna and are an important driver of diversity in populations?
answer: mutations

question: Molecules with a carboxyl group are called what?
answer: carboxylic acids

question: What type of galaxies have a rotating disk of stars and dust, a bulge in the middle, and several arms?
answer: spiral galaxies

question: How is carbon dioxide and water vapor that is produced by cellular respiration released?
answer: exhalation

question: What occurs when there are differences in fitness among a population?
answer: natural selection

question: A group of living things and their environment is called what?
answer: ecosystem

question: Iridescent green beetles, known as jewel beetles, change color because of the light-reflecting properties of the cells that make up this?
answer: their external skeleton

question: The effects of which kind of selection are larger than the effects of direct natural selection on individuals?
answer: kin selection

question: Superconductors are materials with a resistivity of?
answer: zero

question: What affects how high a cake rises when it bakes?
answer: air pressure

question: Binary fission is an example of which type of production?
answer: asexual

question: What type of field does earth have?
answer: magnetic

question: Single bonds allow the atoms they join to rotate freely about the what?
answer: bond axis

question: Preserved remains or traces of organisms that lived in the past are known as what?
answer: fossils

question: Co 2 , h 2 o, methane, o 3 , nitrous oxides (no and no 2 ), and chlorofluorocarbons (cfcs) are known as what type of gases?
answer: greenhouse gases

question: A black solid by itself, this element is incredibly important because of what it makes when it combines with many other elements, including oxygen?
answer: carbon

question: Radar maps of venus show that it has mountains, canyons and volcanoes surrounded by plains of what?
answer: lava

question: Bones are part of which body system?
answer: skeletal system

question: Name the 2 types of carbohydrates?
answer: simple and complex

question: The lungs are a series of ever-narrowing tubes that end in a myriad of tiny sacs called what?
answer: alveoli

question: Fish and other aquatic organisms use gills to capture dissolved what?
answer: oxygen

question: What phase of a human life does not have a definite starting point?
answer: adulthood

question: Where do all plants come from?
answer: terrestrial ancestors

question: The esophagus runs a mainly straight route through the mediastinum of what?
answer: thorax

question: What chambers are responsible for pumping blood out of the heart?
answer: ventricles

question: What's the term for the period during which women's ovaries stop producing eggs?
answer: menopause

question: What is the set of steps that scientists use to learn about the world?
answer: scientific method

question: Which are the closest living relations to land plants?
answer: charophytes

question: In vertebrates, what structure runs from the brain to the tail end of the backbone?
answer: spinal cord

question: What is it called when the chance that a certain event will occur?
answer: probability

question: What is the hardest of all minerals?
answer: diamonds

question: When bread bakes, yeast releases which gas?
answer: carbon dioxide

question: What nervous tissue cells play a supporting role to neurons?
answer: glial cells

question: Use of oil-consuming bacteria to clean up an oil spill is an example of what?
answer: bioremediation

question: What is the process called in which living things produce offspring?
answer: reproduction

question: What are the building blocks of peptides?
answer: amino acids

question: The pull of the moon’s gravity on earth is the main cause of what water phenomenon?
answer: tides

question: What happens to evolution when equilibrium is reached within the genes of the population?
answer: it stops occurring

question: Prostaglandins worsen what by increasing nociceptor sensitivity to noxious stimuli?
answer: pain

question: The outer surface of the heart changes from positive to negative during what?
answer: depolarization

question: What are the closest relatives to modern angiosperms?
answer: gnetophytes

question: Heating a gas gives its particles more of what type of energy?
answer: kinetic energy

question: What is the term for long carbohydrate molecules of repeated monomer units joined together by glycosidic bonds?
answer: polysaccharides

question: What is the only known planet with large amounts of water?
answer: earth

question: What is the disease in which bones lose mass and become more fragile and likely to break?
answer: osteoporosis

question: What speeds up the reactions of chemical digestion?
answer: digestive enzymes

question: In how many states does water exist on earth?
answer: three matter states

question: Find the overall magnification of what instrument by finding the magnification of the objective, then the magnification of the eyepiece?
answer: compound microscope

question: Insects have a highly specialized type of respiratory system called what?
answer: tracheal system

question: What are the two main minerals found in ocean water?
answer: sodium, chloride

question: Which form of digestion is a purely physical process that does not change the chemical nature of the food?
answer: mechanical

question: What was the early study of chemistry called?
answer: alchemy

question: What are used to balance chemical equations?
answer: coefficients

question: What kind of core does mercury have?
answer: liquid metal

question: Physical features on the earth's surface are known as ______
answer: landforms

question: "direct" and "alternating" are two kinds of what, which is associated with electricity?
answer: current

question: What is a strombolian eruption named for?
answer: mt. stromboli

question: Which part of the plant conduct water and minerals as well as anchor the plant.
answer: roots

question: Ice caps are found only in greenland and which other place?
answer: antarctica

question: During a what type of reaction do chemical changes take place?
answer: chemical

question: In mammals, the cells on the exterior form the trophectoderm, which goes on to form what?
answer: extraembryonic tissues

question: In sexual reproduction, what is the name of the gamete cell the male must contribute?
answer: sperm

question: The term "environment of deposition" is useful for understanding the characteristics of what type of rock?
answer: sedimentary

question: Apical dominance, seed germination, gravitropism, and resistance to freezing are all positively influenced by what type of chemicals in plants?
answer: hormones

question: In the nasal cavity, what 2 things trap particles from incoming air?
answer: mucus and hair

question: Elemental carbon is a black, dull-looking solid that conducts heat and this?
answer: electricity

question: Who created the periodic table?
answer: dmitri mendeleev

question: What are unique in having adaptive immunity in addition to innate immunity?
answer: vertebrates

question: All three axes are established before the zygote begins to undergo what?
answer: cleavage

question: Because they are charged (polar), these ions do not diffuse through what?
answer: membrane

question: What are complex organic molecules that make up cells?
answer: proteins

question: A light bulb converts electrical energy to light and what?
answer: thermal energy

question: What are chemical bonds between atoms of nonmetals that share valence electrons called?
answer: covalent bonds

question: What piece of technology can you use to see infrared light?
answer: night goggles

question: Lenses make use of what to create images?
answer: refraction of light

question: What do animals observe in others to help solve problems?
answer: behavior

question: Reef sponges typically have what type of beneficial relationships with other reef species?
answer: symbiotic

question: Where is the only place an electric charge can be found?
answer: conductor

question: What part of a cell do proteins travel to to be modified for the specific job they will do?
answer: golgi apparatus

question: When current flows in just one direction, what is it called?
answer: direct current

question: An ammeter must be connected in series with what to allow it to accurately measure the current flow without causing any disruptions?
answer: resistors

question: What combines with rain to form acid rain?
answer: nitrogen and sulfur oxides

question: Bacterial stis include chlamydia, gonorrhea, and syphilis are diseases that can usually be cured with what?
answer: antibiotics

question: Rubbing your hands together warms them by converting work into what energy?
answer: thermal energy

question: What is the opposite of nuclear fusion?
answer: nuclear fission

question: What are the three classifications of elements?
answer: metals, non-metals and metaloids

question: Worms use a hydrostatic type of what anatomical structure to move through their environment?
answer: skeleton

question: What flexible organ enables swallowing and speech?
answer: tongue

question: What is a wall of rocks or concrete called?
answer: groin

question: What are the special mating behaviors in birds called?
answer: courtship

question: What kind of charges do protons give the nucleus?
answer: positive

question: What happens when a cell takes in substances through its membrane?
answer: endocytosis

question: What are compounds formed by ionic bonds called?
answer: ionic compounds (salts)

question: What kind of diagrams can be used to illustrate electron movements and ion formation?
answer: electron dot diagrams

question: What always continues in a red supergiant?
answer: fusion

question: Glycolysis, the krebs cycle, and the electron transport chain are stages in what process?
answer: aerobic cellular respiration

question: Sex-linked traits are located on genes on what chromosomes?
answer: sex

question: What nerves attached to the brain are mainly responsible for motor and sensory functions?
answer: cranial nerves

question: What would you need to see most cells?
answer: microscope

question: The intermolecular structure of what has spaces that are not present in liquid water?
answer: ice

question: Some compounds form rigid frameworks called what?
answer: crystals

question: What type of relationship is it when one variable increases the other variable decreases?
answer: inverse

question: What is the term for polyatomic ligands with two or more donor atoms?
answer: chelates

question: A single, often oversimplified, path through which energy and matter flow through an ecosystem is also known as what?
answer: food chain

question: Oncogenes are involved in the formation of what disease?
answer: cancer

question: The lack of annihilation radiation coming to us from space proves that the universe is dominated by what?
answer: matter

question: Dinitrophenol (dnp) is an uncoupler that makes the inner mitochondrial membrane leaky to protons. it was used until 1938 as a what?
answer: weight loss drug

question: Melanocytes are located in which layer of the epidermis?
answer: bottom

question: Soils with higher capacities generally have a larger reserve of what?
answer: mineral nutrients

question: Materials that are good conductors of thermal energy are called?
answer: thermal conductors

question: Composite cones are steep-sided, cone-shaped types of what, which produce explosive eruptions?
answer: volcanoes

question: Deficiency of what is symptomized by nausea, fatigue and dizziness, and can be triggered by excessive sweating?
answer: electrolytes

question: Most thoracic vertebrae have two facets that articulate with the head of what structure?
answer: rib

question: Thrombocytes are more commonly known by what name?
answer: platelets

question: What is the term for the remains or traces of living organisms?
answer: fossils

question: What type of disease is caused by pathogens?
answer: infectious diseases

question: Worms grow to adult size without going through what stage?
answer: larval

question: What serves as a first responder to pathogenic threats that bypass natural physical and chemical barriers of the body?
answer: innate immune system

question: Of the three basic types of emissions, which has the highest penetrating power?
answer: gamma radiation

question: True animals are divided into those with radial versus bilateral styles of what?
answer: symmetry

question: While still an early fetus, what is the skeleton made of?
answer: cartilage

question: What forms the pathway of water and nutrients from roots to leaves and flower?
answer: the stem

question: What proteins span the entire plasma membrane?
answer: transmembrane

question: Why is blue cheese blue?
answer: fungus

question: What type of joint are ball-and-socket, hinge, and pivot examples of?
answer: movable

question: Are valence electrons attracted more or less strongly when they are farther from the nucleus?
answer: less strongly

question: What do we call the predictable distribution of molecular speeds found in gas of many molecules?
answer: maxwell-boltzmann distribution

question: Name the simple sugar that is a component of starch.
answer: glucose

question: What do vertebrates have which invertebrates do not?
answer: backbones

question: Occuring throughout the lifespan of the organism, what stages proceed in a certain order?
answer: life cycle stages

question: The fetus is connected to what by a tube called the umbilical cord?
answer: placenta

question: What are most fresh fruits, vegetables, whole grains rich in?
answer: cellulose

question: What term tells you how quickly the angle changes and can occur in either clockwise or counterclockwise directions?
answer: angular velocity

question: What term is used to describe how fast a chemical reaction occurs?
answer: reaction rate

question: What is the term for protists that produce spores, such as the toxoplasm?
answer: sporozoans

question: Why does neptune's appearance change?
answer: turbulent atmosphere

question: Changing levels of what substances partly explain emotional ups and downs in teens?
answer: hormones

question: What term refers to larger evolutionary changes that result in new species?
answer: macroevolution

question: What do you call a lens that causes the light rays to bend away from its axis?
answer: diverging lens

question: Diffusion can occur across a semipermeable membrane, such as the cell membrane, as long as a what exists?
answer: concentration gradient

question: Scientists use what scale to illustrate the order in which events on earth have happened?
answer: geologic time scale

question: What will happen if the gas particles inside an inflated balloon suddenly stop moving?
answer: balloon deflates

question: What are the major sites of gibberellin production?
answer: young roots and leaves

question: What is required for interconversion between the two forms of an isomeric pair?
answer: breaking and reforming

question: Bacteria reproduce through what process, where the chromosome copies itself, forming two genetically identical copies?
answer: binary fission

question: Water molecules are polar, so they form what type of bonds?
answer: hydrogen

question: The cecum is the first part of what structure, where wastes in a liquid state enter from the small intestine?
answer: large intestine

question: What are the "levels" in a food chain or web called?
answer: trophic

question: Are bones considered living or dead tissues?
answer: living

question: What forms when water in the atmosphere condenses on dust particles suspended in the air?
answer: clouds

question: What are the two types of fermentation?
answer: lactic acid and alcoholic

question: Aging occurs as cells lose their ability to do what?
answer: divide

question: What is it called when liquid water falls from the sky?
answer: precipitation

question: Applying a pressure greater than the osmotic pressure of a solution will do what?
answer: reverse osmosis

question: The molecule pictured above is thyroxine, a compound produced by which gland?
answer: thyroid

question: Birds generally practice what kind of relationship, with both parents helping to care for the young?
answer: monogamous

question: Gravitropism ensures that roots grow into the soil and that shoots grow toward what?
answer: sunlight

question: What is the mass of one mole of any given substance?
answer: molar mass

question: The corona surrounds which major object in our solar system?
answer: the sun

question: Respiration that occurs in the cells is called?
answer: cellular respiration

question: Metabolism is an emergent property of life that arises from orderly interactions between what?
answer: molecules

question: During cellular respiration, carbons from the glucose molecule are changed back into what gas?
answer: carbon dioxide

question: How does the distance between galaxies change as the universe expands?
answer: it increases

question: Rainwater absorbs carbon dioxide (co 2 ) as it falls. the co 2 combines with water to form what?
answer: carbonic acid

question: Most molecular compounds that have a mass similar to water are in what state of matter at room temperature?
answer: gas

question: What do you call the movement of molecules across a membrane without the input of energy?
answer: passive transport

question: Opposite charges attract and like charges do what?
answer: repulse

question: What molecules are usually insoluble in water?
answer: non-polar

question: What occurs when there is a sudden discharge of static electricity between a cloud and the ground?
answer: lightning

question: If citrate accumulates in mitochondria, some of it passes into where and inhibits phosphofructokinase?
answer: cytosol

question: For most of a star’s life, hydrogen atoms fuse to form what?
answer: helium atoms

question: What two ways do channels respond during membrane depolarization?
answer: independently and sequentially

question: What kind of compound, contained in coffee and alcohol, increases urine volume?
answer: diuretic

question: In mammals what does the zona pellucida protect?
answer: egg

question: What type of vertebrates control body temperature to just a limited extent from the outside by changing behavior?
answer: ectothermic

question: Worldwide, viruses seem to play a role in what percentage of the cases of human cancer?
answer: 15%

question: Elements are pure substances that make up what?
answer: all matter

question: What reproductive part is stored in a plant's pollen?
answer: the sperm

question: Atoms of what element ultimately form in a red supergiant?
answer: iron

question: What are the two types of fats?
answer: saturated and unsaturated

question: What structure consists of an outer layer of cells called the trophoblast and an inner cell mass called the embryoblast?
answer: blastocyst

question: Metabolic pathways are a series of reactions catalyzed by multiple what?
answer: enzymes

question: What causes eutrophication to occur?
answer: excess of fertilizers and other nutrients

question: What do you call the separation of ions that occurs when a solid ionic compound dissolves?
answer: dissociation

question: What is light with wavelengths shorter than visible light called?
answer: ultraviolet light

question: How much distance can beta particles travel through air?
answer: meter

question: What is created when the warm air at the cold front rises and creates a low pressure cell, causing winds to rush into the low pressure?
answer: rising air column

question: People with osteoporosis have an increase risk of what?
answer: bone fractures

question: What is the main artery of the systematic circulation called?
answer: aorta

question: The length that an object has travelled in one or multiple directions can also be called what?
answer: distance

question: In animals, what process occurs only in germ cells, which are in the ovaries or testes?
answer: meiosis

question: Which theory describes the benzene molecule and other planar aromatic hydrocarbon molecules as hexagonal rings of sp2-hybridized carbon atoms with the unhybridized p orbital of each carbon atom perpendicular to the plane of the ring?
answer: valence bond theory

question: What type of carbon dioxide levels have been rising for the past several decades?
answer: atmospheric

question: Freezing rain that falls from the sky is also called?
answer: sleet

question: Do waves move faster when particles are close to each other or far away?
answer: close

question: Adult bees include workers, a queen and what other type?
answer: drones

question: Name the law that determines as to which rock layers are younger or older than others.
answer: law of superposition

question: Since the electric field lines point radially away from the charge, they are perpendicular to what?
answer: equipotential lines

question: What are in leaves that function as solar collectors and food factories?
answer: chloroplasts

question: What is the process of producing eggs in the ovary is called?
answer: oogenesis

question: What term refers to the deliberate prevention of pregnancy?
answer: contraception

question: Homologous chromosomes move toward what poles?
answer: opposite

question: Why are the stems of many xerophytes fleshy?
answer: stores water

question: Most body fluids that you release from your body contain chemicals that kill pathogens. for example, mucus, sweat, tears, and saliva contain enzymes called?
answer: lysozymes

question: What is at the top of the mesosphere?
answer: mesopause

question: Yogurt is made from milk fermented with what type of organism?
answer: bacteria

question: What happens to an animal's telomeres as it ages?
answer: shorten

question: Characterized by uncontrolled growth, cancerous cells are also called what?
answer: malignant

question: Historically, malaria has rivaled what as the leading cause of human death by infectious disease?
answer: tuberculosis

question: When the number of electrons and the number of protons are equal, the object is what?
answer: neutral

question: The angle of refraction depends on the index of what?
answer: refraction

question: Systems are in thermal equilibrium when they have the same of what measurement?
answer: temperature

question: What needs to be increased to change a solid into a liquid or gas?
answer: temperature

question: Minerals that are not compounds consist of a single what?
answer: element

question: What globular protein is used in the construction of the hollow tube?
answer: tubulin

question: Two important types of energy that can be converted to one another include potential and what?
answer: kinetic

question: What is the diffusion of water through a semipermeable membrane according to the concentration gradient of water across the membrane
answer: osmosis

question: What are the key cells of an immune response?
answer: lymphocytes

question: Darwin found that, since all species are related to each other and some of them evolve together, so they develop similar what?
answer: adaptations

question: Newly formed what aggregates into threads that form the framework of the clot?
answer: fibrin

question: The general term peptide refers to an amino acid chain of what?
answer: unspecified length

question: Average global temperature has been doing what for the past several decades?
answer: rising

question: What disease is caused when the oomycete plasmopara viticola parasitizes grape plants?
answer: downy mildew

question: What is the diploid number for fruit flies?
answer: 8

question: An example of irreversible denaturation of what substance occurs to the liquid albumin when an egg is fried?
answer: protein

question: In an environment, symbiosis, competition, and relying on other organisms for food are examples of what?
answer: interaction

question: What is another term for ghost sharks?
answer: chimaera

question: What makes the realized niche of chthamalus much smaller than its fundamental niche?
answer: interspecific competition

question: Red stars are the coolest; which are the hottest?
answer: blue

question: Which type of muscle is most common in the human body?
answer: skeletal

question: What is the name for a combination of elements that acts as a different substance?
answer: compound

question: Volcanoes can be active, dormant, or what else?
answer: extinct

question: Vesicular transport includes exocytosis and what?
answer: endocytosis

question: What supports the scapula, transmits the weight and forces from the upper limb to the body trunk, and protects the underlying nerves and blood vessels?
answer: clavicle

question: What are the three fundamental phases of matter?
answer: solid, liquid, and gas

question: What system in the human body makes white blood cells that protect the body from diseases?
answer: lymphatic system

question: Which process or force pulls rocks apart?
answer: tension stress

question: What rigid layer surrounds the cell membrane of a plant cell?
answer: cell wall

question: When does internal reflection occur?
answer: when light goes from a slow medium to a fast

question: What is the fourth planet from the sun?
answer: mars

question: Which region of dna consists of one or more genes that encode the proteins needed for a specific function?
answer: operon

question: Members of the genus trypanosoma are flagellate protozoa that cause what?
answer: sleeping sickness

question: The major salivary enzyme is called?
answer: amylase

question: Who first discovered the moons of jupiter in 1610?
answer: galileo

question: Fossil records show that what process may occur in "fits and starts"?
answer: evolution

question: What part of the ear is often described as a bony labyrinth?
answer: inner ear

question: Enzymes speed up the rate of a specific chemical reaction and is therefore known as what?
answer: biochemical catalysts

question: What is required to break bonds in reactants?
answer: energy

question: Organs are made up of two or more types of what?
answer: tissues

question: During what type of reproduction do two haploid gametes join in the process of fertilization to produce a diploid zygote?
answer: sexual reproduction

question: What does the ground tissue consist mostly of in the stems of both monocots and eudicots?
answer: parenchyma cells

question: What type of wave is visible light?
answer: electromagnetic

question: What catalyzes the hydrolysis of amino acids from the n-terminal end of a protein?
answer: aminopeptidase

question: Which group of species is defined as having moist skin without scales?
answer: amphibians

question: Where are integral proteins embedded?
answer: libid bilayer

question: Skeletal muscles are attached to bones by what?
answer: tendons

question: The duodenum, the jejunum, and the ileum are the main regions of which organ?
answer: small intestine

question: Temperature and pressure affect changes in phases or states of what?
answer: matter

question: The water in some springs are hot because they're heated by what?
answer: hot magma

question: What consists of all the living things and nonliving things interacting in the same area?
answer: ecosystem

question: How much can the bacteria in your gut weigh?
answer: 2 pounds

question: As a myotube is formed from many different myoblast cells, it contains many nuclei, but has a continuous what?
answer: cytoplasm

question: When thinking of the rate at which two gases mix, it is inverse proportional to the density of what?
answer: gas

question: What serious sti can damage the heart, brain and other organs or even cause death, if untreated?
answer: syphilis

question: When a seed is produced by apomixis, the embryo develops without what?
answer: fertilization

question: When an oxidation number of an atom is decreased in the course of a redox reaction, that atom is being what?
answer: reduced

question: A venule is an extremely small vein, generally 8–100 micrometers in diameter. postcapillary venules join multiple capillaries exiting from a capillary bed. multiple venules join to form what?
answer: veins

question: The active site can only bind certain what?
answer: substrates

question: In a food chain, what group of organisms breaks down animal remains and wastes to get energy?
answer: decomposers

question: What is the term for organisms that have adaptations to both salty and basic conditions?
answer: haloalkaliphiles

question: What organism is the most disruptive towards the diversity of other species?
answer: humans

question: Migration and hibernation are examples of behaviors that occur on what temporal basis?
answer: annual

question: What are all of the living or once-living aspects of the environment called?
answer: biotic factors

question: Temporal and spatial summation at the axon hillock determines whether a neuron generates what?
answer: action potential

question: What two systems are the lungs part of?
answer: respiratory and excretory

question: What occurs in a formerly inhabited area that was disturbed?
answer: secondary succession

question: What can demonstrate the decrease in energy, biomass or numbers within an ecosystem?
answer: ecological pyramids

question: What evolutionary concept characterizes a species by body shape and other structural features?
answer: morphological species concept

question: What determines the unique sequence for every protein?
answer: gene encoding

question: By breaking down organic matter, roundworms play an important role in which cycle?
answer: carbon cycle

question: In the lungs, oxygen diffuses out of the alveoli and into where?
answer: capillaries

question: What term is used to describe animals that excrete ammonia?
answer: ammonotelic

question: The numbers and types of species in most ecosystems change to some degree through time and this is called?
answer: ecological succession

question: The enormous number of species is due to the tremendous variety of what?
answer: environments

question: What is the energy needed to start a reaction between catalysts and reactants called?
answer: activation energy

question: Which proteins bind to the surfaces of microorganisms and are particularly attracted to pathogens that are already tagged by the adaptive immune system?
answer: complement proteins

question: What type of competition occurs between members of the same species?
answer: intraspecific

question: Alternation of generations is characteristic of the life cycle of all what?
answer: plants

question: What carries the instructions from the nucleus to the cytoplasm?
answer: messenger rna

question: What is measured using units pascal, bar, atmosphere or mmhg?
answer: pressure

question: What is a disease that can be spread from animals to humans called?
answer: zoonosis

question: Where does most of the mass for an atom reside?
answer: nucleus

question: When electric current flows through a wire, it creates what type of field that surrounds the wire in circles?
answer: magnetic

question: What is the outermost layer of the skin?
answer: epidermis

question: What is it called when waves spread out as they travel around obstacles or through openings in obstacles?
answer: diffraction

question: What is the process of oxidized iron that has been exposed to air and water?
answer: rust

question: What consists of one or two closed loops through which current can flow?
answer: electric circuit

question: What muscle is imperative to breathing in helping the air move in and out of the lungs?
answer: diaphragm

question: What third property is different if two boxes have the same volume but one has greater mass?
answer: density

question: What occurs when two opposite charges are separated by some amount of distance?
answer: dipole

question: What is the term for the span in the life of an organism from one generation to the next?
answer: life cycle

question: Deposition also occurs when a stream or river empties into a large body of what?
answer: still water

question: What is the process called in which nutrients pass into the bloodstream?
answer: absorption

question: The colloquial term "ribbon worm" refers to the mostly marine species of what phylum?
answer: nemertea

question: The number, size, shape, and banding pattern of chromosomes make them easily identifiable in a karyogram and allow for the assessment of many chromosomal
answer: abnormalities

question: The logistics of carrying out cellular metabolism sets limits on what physical property of the cell?
answer: size

question: What large dwarf planet in our solar system was only discovered in 2005?
answer: eris

question: Covalent bond energies can be used to estimate the enthalpy changes of what?
answer: chemical reactions

question: What type of waste is eliminated from the body through the anus?
answer: solid

question: Fungi cause three different types of human illness: poisonings, parasitic infections, and what?
answer: allergies

question: If you find dna floating in a cell's cytoplasm, what kind of organism is it?
answer: prokaryotic

question: Graded potentials are temporary changes in what, the characteristics of which depend on the size of the stimuli?
answer: membrane voltage

question: How many different types of taste neurons does the tongue contain?
answer: five

question: Deer ticks are vectors for the bacteria that cause what disease?
answer: lyme

question: What is established by the ph differences between the two sides of the blastoderm cells?
answer: dorsal-ventral axis

question: During metamorphosis, most salamander species go through what aquatic stage on the way to becoming adults?
answer: larval stage

question: What is a purification process where the components of a liquid mixture are vaporized and then condensed and isolated?
answer: distillation

question: What gas comprises about three-fourths of earth's atmosphere?
answer: nitrogen

question: The lymphatic system helps return fluid that leaks from the blood vessels back to what system?
answer: cardiovascular

question: Light is energy that travels in the form of what type of wave?
answer: electromagnetic

question: Naphthalens is a chemical which is commonly used in what?
answer: mothballs

question: What substances are secreted by specialized cells usually located in endocrine glands?
answer: hormones

question: Chlorine and bromine gases released into the atmosphere have helped damage what layer of the atmosphere?
answer: ozone layer

question: Which kind of vertebrates are amphibians?
answer: ectothermic vertebrates

question: What type of forces are involved when deposited rock forms deltas or barrier islands?
answer: constructive forces

question: Vertebrates differ from invertebrates because they lack this?
answer: backbone or a spinal column

question: The fluid surrounding cells is hemolymph in insects and other animals with an open type of what system?
answer: circulatory

question: Whan an alkene is aquired by an alkyl halide in an organic reaction, what kind of reaction is this?
answer: elimination

question: What is the process by which undigested food leaves the body?
answer: egestion

question: Because of its composition, oil does not do what in water?
answer: dissolve

question: Linked genes are located on the same what?
answer: chromosome

question: What move the body by contracting against the skeleton?
answer: muscles

question: In what energy industry process are fluids pumped through a borehole, creating fractures in the rock that contains the natural gas?
answer: fracking

question: What counter provides a sensitive means of detecting radioactivity?
answer: geiger

question: What do stored fats provide our body with for later use?
answer: energy

question: What long molecules are composed of chains of units called monomers?
answer: polymers

question: Where does an object gain or lose it's energy to during travel through a potential difference?
answer: electric field

question: Where do biochemical reactions take place?
answer: inside the organisms' cells

question: When fuel is burned, most of the energy is released in what form?
answer: heat

question: How are voltmeters placed in the circuit?
answer: in parallel

question: What is an attitude of doubt about the truthfulness of claims that lack empirical evidence?
answer: skepticism

question: Cardiovascular disease, some types of cancer, type 2 diabetes, and obesity are considered what kind of preventable diseases?
answer: lifestyle diseases

question: What process is the primary function of the branching internal tubules called protonephridia?
answer: osmoregulation

question: Which law means that the simplest of competing theories is most likely to be correct?
answer: law of parsimony

question: Iron will do what when it is exposed to oxygen and water?
answer: rust

question: About how many days does it take the moon to make one orbit around the earth?
answer: 28

question: The most common two-lens telescope, like the simple microscope, uses lenses of what shape?
answer: convex

question: Glucose, galactose, and fructose are all what?
answer: hexoses

question: Which property can you study by comparing the mass of an object relative to its size?
answer: density

question: What term means the percent by mass of each element in a compound?
answer: percent composition

question: The combined gas law involves three properties of a gas - volume, absolute temperature, and what?
answer: pressure

question: What is the force of attraction that holds together positive and negative ions?
answer: ionic bond

question: In the lungs, bicarbonate is transported back into the red blood cells in exchange for what?
answer: chloride

question: What is defined as an organism in the earliest stages of development?
answer: an embryo

question: Microevolution occuring and taking place over many generations results in?
answer: macroevolution

question: What do craters and rifts become when they fill with water?
answer: lakes

question: What system carries messages from sense organs and internal organs to the central nervous system?
answer: peripheral nervous system

question: What disease is described as a respiratory disorder characterized by wheezing, coughing, and a feeling of constriction in the chest?
answer: asthma

question: What is used to darken images of the sky?
answer: polarizing filters

question: A tumor of what gland can cause hypersecretion of growth hormone?
answer: pituitary gland

question: After the blood in the pulmonary capillaries becomes saturated with oxygen, it leaves the lungs and travels where?
answer: to the heart

question: Depending on the surrounding conditions, normal matter usually exists as one of three phases: solid, liquid, or this?
answer: gas

question: What celestial bodies are classified by color and temperature, ranging from blue to red and hottest to coolest?
answer: stars

question: What carries small pollen grains farther than they otherwise would go?
answer: wind

question: What do rocket-based systems use to propel itself into space?
answer: chemical reactions

question: What term simply means sensitive beyond normal levels of activation?
answer: hypersensitivity

question: The hypothalamic releasing and inhibiting hormones are secreted near capillaries at the base of the what?
answer: hypothalamus

question: A microscope can be made from two of what kind of lenses?
answer: convex

question: What produces almost one-half of the earth's oxygen through photosynthesis?
answer: protists

question: What is said to occur when both traits appear in a heterozygous offspring?
answer: codominance

question: What type of response do signal transductions within target cells bring about?
answer: physiological

question: What happens to meteors as they fall through the mesosphere?
answer: they burn

question: What are the three main types of rocks?
answer: sedimentary, igneous and metamorphic

question: What is the only continent without amphibians?
answer: antarctica

question: A hair grows out of a follicle and passes through what before extending above the skin surface?
answer: epidermis

question: What are the long, thin structures that protrude from the cell membrane and help single-celled organisms move or swim towards food?
answer: flagella

question: What is the unit of evolution?
answer: the population

question: What occurs where the water motion slows?
answer: deposition

question: The force on a charged particle in a magnetic field is always perpendicular to both its velocity vector and the?
answer: field vector

question: What is the process of removing wastes and excess water from the body called?
answer: excretion

question: What is the skeleton of the cell?
answer: cytoskeleton

question: A salt concentration of 32 percent is nearly ten times that of what abundant resource?
answer: seawater

question: Atoms of one element can be transformed into another through which process?
answer: nuclear reactions

question: Blood from the body enters what chamber of the heart before it is pumped to the right ventricle and then to the lungs?
answer: right atrium

question: Dna replication, chromosome segregation, and the separation into two daughter cells are steps in what process?
answer: binary fission

question: In science, what is defined as the transfer of energy from a vibrating object in waves that travel through matter?
answer: sound

question: Where in the cell does transcription occur?
answer: nucleus

question: Hydrogen peroxide is commonly sold as a 3% by volume solution for use as a what?
answer: disinfectant

question: In plants, pigment molecules absorb only visible light for photosynthesis. the visible light seen by humans as white light actually exists in a what?
answer: rainbow of colors

question: When an acid and base solutions react, they produce water and a neutral ionic compound known as what?
answer: salt

question: In the body, oxygen is used by cells of the body’s tissues and carbon dioxide is produced as what?
answer: waste product

question: Chemical digestion in the small intestine cannot occur without the help of the pancreas and what bile-producing organ?
answer: liver

question: What property are alkali metals at room temperature?
answer: solid

question: What is the name of the smallest planet in our solar system, which is also nearest to the sun?
answer: mercury

question: All gymnosperm species and many eudicot species undergo what?
answer: secondary growth

question: Slow-twitch or fast-twitch and oxidative or glycolytic describe what type of fibers?
answer: skeletal muscle fibers

question: Plants have a touch response known as what?
answer: thigmotropism

question: What is at the center of our solar system?
answer: the sun

question: The different types of what systems work together to carry out all the life functions of the individual?
answer: organ systems

question: Why is uranus so faint?
answer: far away

question: Which systems work together to provide cells with the oxygen they need for cellular respiration?
answer: respiratory and circulatory systems

question: What organs have tiny tubes leading to and from elastic air sacs that improve airflow and oxygen uptake?
answer: lungs

question: What is produced when sulfur and oxygen combine?
answer: sulfur oxide

question: A skeleton that consists of hard, mineralized structures located within the soft tissue of organisms is called what?
answer: endoskeleton

question: What evolutionary process does not favor altruistic behavior that causes the death of the altruist?
answer: natural selection

question: In seed plants, after fertilization, what will the ovule eventually develop into?
answer: seed

question: What is the message sent from the nucleus to the ribosome?
answer: mrna

question: The phagocytes that are part of the body’s second line of defense attack any of what that they encounter?
answer: pathogens

question: Fungi are no longer classified as what, possessing cell walls made of chitin rather than cellulose?
answer: plants

question: What kind of compounds are named for their positive metal ion first, followed by their negative nonmetal ion?
answer: ionic compounds

question: Endoscopes are used to explore the body through various orifices or these?
answer: minor incisions

question: Bread has little holes in it from carbon dioxide produced by what?
answer: yeast

question: What unit are atomic radii typically measured in?
answer: picometers

question: What are fungus like protists?
answer: slime molds and water molds

question: Alpha, beta, and gamma emissions are associated with what kind of energy?
answer: radiation

question: Transport of nutrients and regulation of body temperature through fluid flow are characteristics of which bodily system?
answer: cardiovascular

question: What are the two components of a mixture called?
answer: solute and a solvent

question: Insulin is produced by what cells of the pancreas?
answer: beta

question: What is the arch called that forms when plasma of the sun flows along the loop that connects sunspots?
answer: solar prominence

question: What does some amphibians have as juveniles but not as adults living on land?
answer: lateral line system

question: Ejaculation occurs when muscle contractions propel sperm from where?
answer: epididymes

question: Adult sea stars have what kind of symmetry?
answer: radial symmetry

question: The four types of light receptors include different types of cones and what else?
answer: rods

question: In what do substances combine chemically to form a new substance?
answer: compound

question: What is the colorless gas with a sharp, pungent odor used in smelling salts?
answer: ammonia

question: Groupings of related organs in the human body are referred to as "organ" what?
answer: systems

question: The enzymes that participate in fatty acid catabolism are located in what?
answer: mitochondria

question: Which organ of the body do large tapeworms attack or block?
answer: intestines

question: The sternum and 12 pairs of ribs with their costal cartilages make up what?
answer: thoracic cage

question: Which lipid is mainly responsible for narrowing arteries and causing the disease atherosclerosis?
answer: cholesterol

question: Physical or chemical changes are generally accompanied by a transfer of what?
answer: energy

question: What is the term for a dynamic equilibrium that is maintained in body tissues and organs?
answer: homeostasis

question: What has a pseudocoelom and hydrostatic skeleton?
answer: roundworms

question: In what two ways are volcanic eruptions characterized?
answer: explosive and non-explosive

question: Each enhancer is made up of short dna sequences called what?
answer: distal control elements

question: For a star to form, what force pulls gas and dust into the center of the nebula?
answer: gravity

question: What do you call elements that contain only atoms of one type of element?
answer: native elements

question: The organ systems of the body work together to carry out life processes and maintain what?
answer: homeostasis

question: This process of combining the wave functions for atomic orbitals is called what?
answer: hybridization

question: Carbon is a nonmetal with a significantly higher electronegativity; it is therefore more likely to accept electrons in what kind of reaction?
answer: redox reaction

question: What is denoted by the number above the chemical symbol of each element in a modern periodic table?
answer: atomic number

question: What does the tires meeting the road cause when a car accelerates?
answer: friction

question: What gas is contributing to the greenhouse effect?
answer: carbon dioxide

question: A complex interactions of hormones result in an edible fruit that entices animals that help disperse what?
answer: seeds

question: What are the cells caused that parasites spread through their host?
answer: sporozoites

question: When can mutations occur in genes?
answer: during dna replication

question: The sites of protein synthesis are tiny structures called?
answer: ribosomes

question: Mollusks, annelids, and arthropods are considered what?
answer: protostomes

question: One of the simplest machines is the lever, which is a rigid bar pivoted at a fixed place called what?
answer: fulcrum

question: In essence, a virus is simply a nucleic acid surrounded by what?
answer: a protein coat

question: How does the number of protons compare to the number of electrons in an electrically neutral atom?
answer: they are equal

question: The scientific method is a method of research with defined steps that include experiments and careful what?
answer: observation

question: The protist life cycle benefits by including what forms of reproduction?
answer: asexual and sexual

question: With what does cytokinins act in concert to stimulate cell division and influence the pathway of differentiation?
answer: auxin

question: Puberty and other physical changes occurs during which stage of development?
answer: adolescence

question: What makes organic compounds ubiquitous is the chemistry of their what?
answer: carbon core

question: What type of drugs can increase water loss by interfering with the recapture of solutes and water from the forming urine?
answer: diuretics

question: This type of tissue consists of bundles of xylem and phloem and transports fluids throughout the plant.
answer: vascular tissue

question: What is the scientific name of the thighbone, the longest, heaviest, and strongest bone in the body?
answer: femur

question: What determines which type of precipitation falls?
answer: air temperature

question: Algae is a promising alternative to traditional crops for what type of fuels?
answer: biofuel

question: Cancers derived from epithelial cells are referred to as what?
answer: carcinomas

question: Vibrating objects such as drumheads produce what?
answer: sound energy

question: What two element makes up a hyrdocarbon?
answer: carbon and hydrogen

question: What are monosaccharides and disaccharides also called?
answer: simple sugars

question: Terrestrial biomes are associated with land, while aquatic ones are associated with what?
answer: water

question: Different shapes often correlate with different what in cells?
answer: functions

question: What structure is found at the top of the head of the sperm that helps it penetrate and fertilize the egg?
answer: acrosome

question: What makes up most of  biological tissues?
answer: water

question: What occurs when some substances change chemically to other substances?
answer: chemical reaction

question: What type of butterfly do birds avoid eating since it makes them sick?
answer: monarch butterflies

question: Birds possess a cloaca, a structure that allows water to be reabsorbed from waste back into this?
answer: blood stream

question: What contain organelles common to other cells, such as a nucleus and mitochondria, and also have more specialized structures, including dendrites and axons?
answer: neurons

question: Hurricanes and winter storms both develop from what, which often form when the jet stream dips south in the winter?
answer: cyclones

question: Which body system controls all the others by sending electrical messages?
answer: the nervous system

question: What occurs when water on the surface changes to water vapor?
answer: evaporation

question: What is the position of rock layers and the relative ages called?
answer: superposition

question: What is the field of biology that focuses on the study of inheritance in humans?
answer: human genetics

question: The acidity of a solution is typically assessed experimentally by measurement of its what?
answer: ph

question: Where is chemical energy stored?
answer: atom bonds

question: What kind of fuels include coal, oil, and natural gas?
answer: fossil

question: What do you call the slope that forms the edge of the continent?
answer: the continental slope

question: What do contour lines that are close together indicate?
answer: steep slope

question: What is the most common type of cancer developed in children?
answer: leukemia

question: How many chambers are in the heart?
answer: four

question: The central vacuole maintains turgor pressure against what?
answer: the cell wall

question: In the small intestine, chyme mixes with bile, which emulsifies what substances?
answer: fats

question: Which electromagnetic waves are the most energetic of all electromagnetic waves?
answer: gamma rays

question: Glycolysis harvests chemical energy by oxidizing glucose to what?
answer: pyruvate

question: What is the term for the most abundant species in a community, characterized by high competitive abilities?
answer: dominant species

question: Salt-water biomes in the ocean are called what?
answer: marine biomes

question: What occurs before the endometrium thickens in estrous cycles?
answer: ovulation

question: Structures like the human tail bone and whale pelvis are called what?
answer: vestigial structures

question: Hazardous waste is material that is toxic, chemically active, corrosive, or what?
answer: flammable

question: Which component of the electron transport chain does cyanide inhibit?
answer: cytochrome c oxidase

question: Diseases of this system include epilepsy, strokes, and alzheimer’s disease
answer: nervous system

question: About how full is the outer energy level in metalloids?
answer: half full

question: Which chemical element is the basis of all life on earth?
answer: carbon

question: What structures of the cardiovascular system help regulate body processes by either constricting or dilating?
answer: blood vessels

question: What is the term for the class of ectothermic, four-legged vertebrates that produce amniotic eggs?
answer: reptiles

question: The goal of proteomics is to identify or compare what substances expressed from a given genome under specific conditions, study the interactions between them, and use the information to predict cell behavior or develop drug targets?
answer: proteins

question: Radiometric dating methods, such as carbon-14 dating depend on what type of decay?
answer: radioactive

question: What is the brightest star in the orion constellation?
answer: rigel

question: Which organelle specific to plant cells is responsible for photosynthesis?
answer: the chloroplast

question: What is another word for thermal energy?
answer: heat

question: Roots grow in length and width from the primary and secondary what?
answer: meristem

question: What often form symbiotic associations with much larger organisms?
answer: prokaryotes

question: Name the fever that is caused by a virus that has antigens similar to molecules in human heart tissues.
answer: rheumatic fever

question: What is the smallest planet in our solar system?
answer: mercury

question: What is the term for when a substance boils and changes to gas?
answer: boiling point

question: Where are hormones released?
answer: bloodstream

question: The union of gametes is called?
answer: fertilization

question: What type of behavior occurs naturally in all animals of a given species?
answer: innate

question: What parts of comets make them easy to see?
answer: comas and tails

question: What gives the body shape and support?
answer: skeleon

question: What do you call sound that has a wave frequency higher than the human ear can detect?
answer: ultrasound

question: Plants not only contribute food but what else for organisms?
answer: oxygen

question: Substances that act as both weak acids and bases are said to be what?
answer: amphoteric

question: What is the medical process of removing wastes and excess water from the blood by diffusion and ultrafiltration called?
answer: dialysis

question: What is the "a" horizon commonly known as?
answer: topsoil

question: What are the building blocks of life?
answer: cells

question: The amount of energy needed to raise the temperature of one gram of liquid water by 1°c is also known as?
answer: specific heat

question: What helps amplify the effects of extracellular signals?
answer: enzymatic cascades

question: What units are typically used to measure heats of reaction?
answer: kilojoules

question: What are solutions that maintain a relatively constant ph when an acid or a base is added?
answer: buffer

question: Along with dna, what is the other main type of nucleic acid?
answer: rna

question: Glutathione is a low-molecular-weight compound found in living cells that is produced naturally by what?
answer: liver

question: What work together in pairs to bend or straighten a joint?
answer: muscles

question: What are the outer-shell electrons of an atom called?
answer: valence electrons

question: What kind of reproduction is vegetative reproduction?
answer: asexual

question: What type of tissue runs the length of a stem in vascular bundles?
answer: vascular tissue

question: Birds have a relatively large heart and a rapid what?
answer: heart rate

question: When a warm air mass becomes trapped between two cold air masses, what type of front occurs?
answer: occluded front

question: What is water falling from the sky called?
answer: precipitation

question: What forms when atoms share or transfer valence electrons?
answer: bonds

question: Which part of the axon has a higher membrane potential?
answer: axon hillock

question: A diploid zygote is formed when one sperm does what?
answer: fertilizes the egg

question: As ph increases what happens to a solution?
answer: becomes more basic

question: What is the term for changes in speed or direction, changes that make a roller coaster ride so exciting?
answer: acceleration

question: What do aquatic mollusk species use for respiration?
answer: gills

question: Because the solute is moving down the concentration gradient, and no input of energy is required, facilitated diffusion is considered what type of transport?
answer: passive

question: What does fiber help keep at normal levels in the body?
answer: sugar and lipids

question: What is it called when plant roots absorb liquid water and release water vapor into the atmosphere?
answer: transpiration

question: Fossil fuels and nuclear power are what type of resource?
answer: nonrenewable

question: The stoichiometric coefficients indicate the relative amounts of what?
answer: reactants and products

question: Blood enters the heart in what valve?
answer: atria

question: What works through chemical reactions that change the rock?
answer: chemical weathering

question: What is necessary for new alleles to be created?
answer: new mutations

question: What does the placenta sustain during pregnancy?
answer: the fetus

question: Other than nitrogen, which nutrient most often limits marine production?
answer: phosphorus

question: What astronomical phenomenon is often comprised of remnants of the earliest material that formed in the solar system?
answer: meteorites

question: Minerals are grouped based on what?
answer: chemical composition

question: What is the term for the average number of individuals in a population for a given area?
answer: population density

question: What is the shape of the thyroid gland?
answer: butterfly-shaped

question: Instead of using their nose, reptiles can use what organ to smell scents?
answer: tongue

question: How does the diaphragm look like when it is at rest?
answer: dome-shaped

question: What is the smallest unit of matter that still maintains it's properties of being an element?
answer: an atom

question: Evolution occurs by what process whereby better-adapted members pass along their traits, according to darwin?
answer: natural selection

question: In flowering plants, male gametophytes are in grains of what?
answer: pollen

question: How many different ways can molecules pass through a phospholipid membrane?
answer: three

question: Snow and rain are forms of what weather?
answer: precipitation

question: There is a positive correlation between the ability to conduct thermal energy and what other energy, as exemplified by metals?
answer: electricity

question: Most ocean waves are caused by what?
answer: wind

question: What kind of climates are found at or near the equator?
answer: tropical climates

question: The uranium series is a chain constituting one what, which encompass naturally occurring isotopes of the heaviest elements?
answer: radioactive decay family

question: Producing light without a high temperature is called?
answer: luminescence

question: Mutualism is a symbiotic relationship that has what effect on both species involved?
answer: beneficial

question: What do you call chemical reactions that take place inside living things?
answer: biochemical reactions

question: What types of blood cells are required for aerobic respiration?
answer: red blood cells

question: The phase transition of a substance changing from a liquid state to a gaseous state is an example of what?
answer: entropoy

question: What is the fracture called when rocks on both sides move?
answer: a fault

question: In heart muscle, what released by neurons activates a signal transduction pathway?
answer: acetylcholine

question: What do some plants produce that protects dormant seeds and aids in their dispersal?
answer: fruit

question: In a generator, work done to turn the coil is converted to what type of energy?
answer: electric

question: What do you call a pattern of stars in the night sky?
answer: constellation

question: An antigen is a macromolecule that reacts with components of what?
answer: immune system

question: The measure of a substances entropy at 25 degrees celsius is known as it's?
answer: standard entropy

question: Gastric emptying is regulated by both the stomach and what other digestive structure?
answer: duodenum

question: What is the type of cell division where the number of chromosomes is reduced in half?
answer: meiosis

question: What is the most common cause of lung cancer?
answer: tobacco smoke exposure

question: Some consumers such as the mushroom get their energy from what?
answer: dead organic matter

question: What does the second number in a blood pressure reading measure?
answer: diastolic pressure

question: The rock of the mantle is mostly what?
answer: peridotite

question: Ocean ridges formed by marine invertebrates living in warm shallow waters within the photic zone of the ocean are called what?
answer: coral reefs

question: What compound is formed when there are sparking electrical equipment?
answer: ozone

question: What is the number of protons in the nucleus?
answer: atomic number

question: What organism is at the top of the energy pyramid?
answer: carnivore

question: What structure of the heart receives oxygen-poor blood from the body, then pumps the blood into the right ventricle?
answer: right atrium

question: Which organelle is often compared to a post office, moving proteins and lipids to where they need to go?
answer: the golgi apparatus

question: What takes both the shape and the volume of their container?
answer: gases

question: What is the lowest level of organization that can perform all activities required for life?
answer: the cell

question: Where are most of the organs contained in insects?
answer: the abdomen

question: The appendicular skeleton is made up of all bones of the upper and lower what?
answer: limbs

question: What can be thought of as the capacity a device has for storing charge?
answer: capacitance

question: What do electromagnetic receptors detect?
answer: electromagnetic radiation

question: Nutrients from food are absorbed by the blood for transport around the body as part of what system?
answer: digestive

question: What occurs when plants release water vapor through stomata (leaf pores)?
answer: transpiration

question: The stomach mucosa’s epithelial lining consists only of surface mucus cells, which secrete a protective coat of what?
answer: alkaline mucus

question: A substance too big to be pumped across the cell membrane may enter or leave the cell by what method?
answer: vesicle transport

question: What is the process in which unstable nuclei become stable by emitting particles and energy and changing to different elements called?
answer: radioactive decay

question: Most taste buds on the tongue are associated with nipple-shaped projections called what?
answer: papillae

question: What is the lowest energy state of the atom called?
answer: ground state

question: What kind of diseases involve the immune system accidentally attacking healthy body cells?
answer: autoimmune

question: Bacteria may divide several what an hour?
answer: times

question: The partial pressure of each gas in a mixture is proportional to its what?
answer: mole fraction

question: The combination decomposition or rearrangement of elements and compounds to form new substances is known as?
answer: chemical changes

question: When is melatonin secreted?
answer: at night

question: In which phase do the chromosomes duplicate?
answer: interphase

question: Which muscle is a band-like muscle that extends from the anterior superior iliac spine to the medial side?
answer: sartorius

question: Filter feeders, such as sponges, pump water into their body through what structures?
answer: pores

question: What are ionic solutes?
answer: electrolytes

question: As with other organic compounds that form hydrogen bonds, water solubility of amines is reflected in the length of what?
answer: carbon chains

question: What is the tubular passageway through which the embryo or fetus leaves the mother’s body during birth?
answer: vagina

question: What has the average global temperature done since the 1900s?
answer: risen

question: An solid object with an irregular shape can be measured via what method?
answer: displacement

question: Deterioration of limestone occurs more rapidly as the concentration of what increases?
answer: air pollutants

question: In which order does the reactivity of halogen group decline?
answer: top to bottom

question: Photosynthesis converts carbon dioxide and water into what?
answer: glucose

question: Which genetic disorder results in the inability of melanocytes to produce melanin?
answer: albinism

question: Most diseases caused by bacteria can be cured by which medicines?
answer: antibiotics

question: What season do the largest waves for surfers typically come?
answer: winter

question: The peripheral nervous system has major nerves that travel through every part of the body except which two places?
answer: brain and spinal cord

question: Each nitrogenous base has one or two rings that include which atoms?
answer: nitrogen

question: Pluto's orbit is so elliptical that sometimes it is inside the orbit of which planet?
answer: neptune

question: More than half the compounds produced by the chemical industry are what?
answer: synthetic polymers

question: What is it called when electrons are shared equally?
answer: nonpolar bonds

question: Ribosomes are cellular substructures where what are synthesized?
answer: proteins

question: How long can carbon be stored in sedimentary rock?
answer: millions of years

question: What do you call an animal in which the embryo, often termed a joey, is born immature and must complete its development outside the mother's body?
answer: marsupial

question: What is the most important element to life?
answer: carbon

question: The idea of evolution has been around for centuries. in fact, it goes all the way back to the ancient greek philosopher named?
answer: aristotle

question: When a balloon is rubbed against hair, why do they attract each other?
answer: opposite electron charge

question: Living things get energy from food in a process called respiration, which releases what gas back into the atmosphere?
answer: carbon dioxide

question: What is the name of the scientific field that deals with the general study of the solid earth?
answer: geology

question: What kind of enzyme is phosphofructokinase?
answer: allosteric

question: Covering about 16 percent of the moon's surface, maria are dark, solid, flat areas consisting of what substance?
answer: lava

question: Sickle cell disease is caused by production of an abnormal type of what?
answer: hemoglobin

question: Who first proposed that earth is a magnet?
answer: william gilbert

question: Which atomic model shows that the distances of electrons from the nucleus is not a fixed value?
answer: the quantum model

question: What is it called when breaks in bone occur that is usually caused by excessive stress on the bone?
answer: fractures

question: What crystals consist of molecules at the lattice points of the crystal, held together by relatively weak intermolecular forces?
answer: molecular crystals

question: What causes continents to drift closer to the poles or the equator?
answer: plate movements

question: What is the major selective advantage of myelination?
answer: space efficiency

question: What debated therapy offers a potential method for replacing neurons lost to injury or disease?
answer: stem cell therapy

question: How many types of simple machines are there?
answer: six types

question: After dispersal of a seed, what next step may occur if environmental conditions are favorable?
answer: germination

question: What is the term for the smallest particle of an element that still has the properties of that element?
answer: atom

question: What are insect parasites transmitted sexually?
answer: pubic lice

question: What type of energy is used when a roller coaster runs downhill?
answer: kinetic energy

question: In what process is atp created by glycolysis, without oxygen?
answer: fermentation

question: What helps deposit the material in caves as stalactites, stalagmites, and columns
answer: groundwater

question: A recent deadly explosion in the gulf of mexico exemplified what source of ocean pollution?
answer: oil spill

question: Plants supply, ultimately, most of the food eaten by terrestrial animals, along with what gas?
answer: oxygen

question: Chemical reactions are typically written to imply that they proceed in one direction - if they can occur in either direction, they are considered what?
answer: reversible

question: Single-celled eukaryotes that share some traits with animals are also called?
answer: eukaryotes

question: Antibiotics can be used to fight what, in general?
answer: bacteria

question: An organism that carries pathogens from one individual to another is called what?
answer: vector

question: What fills the epidermal cells that make up fingernails and toenails?
answer: keratin

question: What is the name for a parasite that causes disease?
answer: pathogen

question: What type of map shows the elevation and features in an area?
answer: topographic

question: What are organelles made of protein and ribosomal rna (rrna)?
answer: ribosomes

question: What are major temperature zones primarily based on?
answer: latitute

question: What type of muscle is found in the walls of other internal organs such as the stomach?
answer: smooth muscle

question: A visual "copy" of an object that is formed by reflected or refracted light is called what?
answer: image

question: From the pharynx, air next passes through what structure, also known as the voice box because it contains vocal cords?
answer: larynx

question: Vertebrates are all chordates that have a what?
answer: backbone

question: What do structures of the human eye collect and focus?
answer: light

question: Different elements differ in the size, mass, and other properties of what fundamental structures?
answer: atoms

question: Breasts are considered accessory organs of what body system?
answer: female reproductive system

question: Because plants lack what kind of system, their first line of defense is usually the death of cells surrounding infected tissue to prevent spread of infection?
answer: immune system

question: What type of cells make up tumors?
answer: cancer cells

question: When leaves wilt, what plant process ceases?
answer: photosynthesis

question: What type of tissue makes up much of the inside of a plant?
answer: ground tissue

question: Saliva can carry the hiv virus, but it won't spread it, unless the saliva gets into what?
answer: bloodstream

question: Does blood flow increase or decrease when blood vessels constrict?
answer: decrease

question: What is venus covered in a thick layer of?
answer: clouds

question: What type of aquifer is trapped between two impermeable rock layers?
answer: confined

question: Name the multi-phase process in which the nucleus of a eukaryotic cell divides?
answer: mitosis

question: What is the term for the basic contractile unit of the muscle?
answer: sarcomere

question: What are chemical messengers that control sexual development and reproduction?
answer: sex hormones

question: What are species that are first to colonize a disturbed area called?
answer: pioneer species

question: What planet is the easiest to observe?
answer: mars

question: Where does the heartbeat originate in vertebrates?
answer: the heart

question: What is a process where some substances called reactants change chemically into different substances called products?
answer: chemical reaction

question: Cellulose is the main structural component of what part of the plant cell, and makes up over thirty percent of plant matter?
answer: cell wall

question: What is a push or a pull acting on an object?
answer: force

question: Which organ will bladder infections commonly damage if untreated?
answer: kidney

question: What is the acid that is released by the stomach that kills most pathogens that enter the stomach?
answer: hydrochloric acid

question: What occurs when force is applied to a moving object?
answer: acceleration

question: Smooth, cardiac, and skeletal are all types of what?
answer: muscle

question: What group of elements does sodium belong to?
answer: alkali metals

question: Pure constructive interference and pure destructive interference are distinguished by whether or not identical waves are what?
answer: in phase

question: The process of photosynthesis uses chlorophyll, which is located in organelles called what?
answer: chloroplasts

question: What kind of oily substance is secreted from sebaceous glands?
answer: sebum

question: Some reactions need extra help to occur quickly. they need another substance called what?
answer: a catalyst

question: What have approximately the same mass as protons but no charge?
answer: neutrons

question: Amniocentesis and chorionic villus sampling can indicate whether a suspected genetic disorder is present at what stage?
answer: fetal

question: What do you call aquatic biomes in the ocean?
answer: marine biomes

question: The reaction of which body system causes food allergies?
answer: immune system

question: Leaving tampons in for too long can put you at risk of what syndrome?
answer: toxic shock

question: There are three flat skeletal muscles in the antero-lateral wall of what?
answer: abdomen

question: The dead, dry stratum corneum is the most superficial layer of what and is the layer exposed to the outside environment?
answer: epidermis

question: What protein is produced when a plasma cell is stimulated by antigens?
answer: immunoglobulin

question: An unbalanced force on an object in motion causes what?
answer: acceleration

question: Partial albinism results from a mutation in an enzyme that is involved in the production of what?
answer: melanin

question: Where does a baby travel to after leaving the uterus?
answer: birth canal

question: Name an important natural resource in and of itself.
answer: biodiversity

question: In classical conditioning, a response called the conditioned response is associated with what?
answer: conditioned stimulus

question: What kind of bonds does boron form rather than metallic lattices?
answer: multicenter

question: What broad group of living things serves as the major producers in terrestrial biomes?
answer: plants

question: Birds that move pollen from flower to flower are called what?
answer: pollinators

question: The major cause of outdoor air pollution is the burning of?
answer: fossil fuels

question: What is the ideal mechanical advantage in the single fixed pulley?
answer: 1

question: What science is the study of matter and the changes it undergoes?
answer: chemistry

question: What is driven by the sun's energy and moves water over the surface of earth?
answer: the water cycle

question: What are materials that are poor thermal conductors called?
answer: thermal insulators

question: Balanced chemical reactions are balanced in what?
answer: terms of moles

question: The autonomic nervous system serves as the relay between what and the internal organs?
answer: central nervous system

question: The role that a particular species plays in its ecosystem is also known as what?
answer: niche

question: What element has the atomic number 16?
answer: sulfur

question: Name the most famous satellite of the earth?
answer: the moon

question: What is the minimum number of loops a circuit can have?
answer: 1

question: What type of organism is algae?
answer: bacteria (cyanobacteria)

question: When water slows down, it starts depositing sediment, starting with which particles first?
answer: largest

question: Because they control many cell activities - as well as being controlled by feedback mechanisms - what substances are very important for homeostasis?
answer: hormones

question: Contraction of what large, sheet-like muscle results in inhalation?
answer: diaphragm

question: What type of ionic compound is formed from acid and bases reacting with each other?
answer: salt

question: The iron ion used to bind oxygen is on what type of "ring"?
answer: porphyrin ring

question: In police radar, a radar gun sends out short bursts of which waves?
answer: microwaves

question: Oxides of small, highly charged ions of what type tend to be acidic?
answer: metal

question: A lewis acid is a substance that accepts a pair of electrons to form what?
answer: covalent bond

question: What is the amount of force pushing against a given area?
answer: pressure

question: What is another word for seed plants?
answer: gymnosperm

question: What process takes place when echinoderms release their gametes into the water?
answer: fertilization

question: Salt hydrolysis is a reaction in which one of the ions from a salt reacts with what?
answer: water

question: Do motile cilia usually occur in small or large numbers on the cell surface?
answer: large

question: Potassium is a soft, silvery metal that ignites explosively in what?
answer: water

question: When a solid substance is involved in a chemical reaction, only the matter from which part of the solid is exposed to other reactants?
answer: the surface

question: Which word describes how an extracellular solution can change the volume of a cell by affecting osmosis?
answer: tonicity

question: The process where eroded material is dropped somewhere is called?
answer: deposition

question: What was the first amino acid to be isolated?
answer: asparagine

question: Where is the food stored before being mixed with the chyme?
answer: fundus of the stomach

question: What kind of biome or climate might you find very close to the earth's poles, as well as up on high mountains?
answer: tundra

question: What type of waves travel through the body of a planet?
answer: body waves

question: What type of energy occurs by splitting the nuclei of radioactive uranium?
answer: nuclear

question: Like skeletal muscle, cardiac muscle is what?
answer: striated

question: Rising and falling levels of what will result in progression of the ovarian and menstrual cycles?
answer: hormones

question: What is the term for how much matter is packed into a given space?
answer: density

question: Phototrophic organisms capture light energy from the sun and convert it into what type of energy inside their cells?
answer: chemical energy

question: What is an animal that picks up pollen on its body and carries it to another flower called?
answer: pollinator

question: How many bones make up an adult human skeleton?
answer: 206

question: The process in which a sperm unites with an egg is called?
answer: fertilization

question: What is the term for the height of the wave?
answer: amplitude

question: When a plant has what deficiency, guard cells may lose turgor and close stomata?
answer: water

question: What is a combination of two or more substances in any proportions called?
answer: mixture

question: What does subduction of a plate lead to?
answer: melting and volcanism

question: The mixture of gases that surrounds the planet and makes up the atmosphere is known as ________.
answer: air

question: What system protects the soft organs of the body?
answer: skeletal system

question: Before the atmosphere became oxygenated, the planet was subjected to what harmful energy source, meaning the first organisms would have flourished where they were more protected?
answer: radiation

question: Turbulent sounds, at the onset of blood flow when the cuff pressure becomes sufficiently small are called?
answer: korotkoff sounds

question: What is the simple sugar that living things us to store energy?
answer: glucose

question: Reversing the orientation of a chromosomal segment is called what?
answer: inversions

question: What does the clitellum secrete, while the sperm received are stored temporarily?
answer: cocoon of mucus

question: What forms when water vapor condenses around particles in the air?
answer: clouds

question: The cycle of copper reacting is a good example of what principle?
answer: conservation of mass

question: A ramp is an example of what?
answer: inclined plane

question: What kind of muscle is responsible for hollow organs contracting?
answer: smooth muscle

question: In vascular plants, do primary roots grow downward or to the side?
answer: downward

question: What type of light has shorter wavelengths than visible light and has enough energy to kill bacteria?
answer: ultraviolet

question: What characteristic of the endothelium structure minimizes resistance to the flow of blood?
answer: smooth surface

question: What type of bonds contain atoms that possess either a partial positive or a partial negative charge?
answer: polar bonds

question: The body contains how many types of muscle tissue?
answer: three

question: The eyes of all vertebrates possess a single one of these structures?
answer: lens

question: The final stage of labor is delivery of the what?
answer: placenta

question: All proteins are made of monomers called what?
answer: amino acids

question: What system consists of all the muscles of the body?
answer: muscular

question: Photoautotrophs and chemoautotrophs are two basic types of what?
answer: autotrophs

question: Many genetic disorders are caused by mutations in one or a few of?
answer: genes

question: In some cases, the nervous system directly stimulates endocrine glands to release hormones, which is referred to as what?
answer: neural stimuli

question: What kind of reproduction results in offspring that are generally all genetically different?
answer: sexual

question: When traveling through space what do mechanical waves lose?
answer: energy

question: How many types of major tissues do modern plants have?
answer: three

question: How does a reduced sweating ability affect elderly people?
answer: extreme heat intolerance

question: What substance do developing seeds produce which promotes fruit growth?
answer: auxin

question: Different clouds are associated with different types of what?
answer: weather conditions

question: The testes produce sperm and secrete what?
answer: testosterone

question: Friction does negative work and removes some of the energy the person expends and converts it to which kind of energy?
answer: thermal

question: What happens when forces of evolution work over a long period of time?
answer: macroevolution

question: What measurement is used to describe the amount of water vapor in the air?
answer: humidity

question: Sebaceous glands produce an oily substance called what?
answer: sebum

question: In what kind of a series does the genetic code work?
answer: three-letter codes

question: Free-flowing electrons enable what materials to conduct electricity and heat very well?
answer: metals

question: What is the difference in voltage across a resistor or other electrical devices called?
answer: voltage drop

question: What is the science that describes the ancestral and descendant connections between organisms?
answer: phylogeny

question: According to collision theory, particles that lack what kind of energy may collide, but the particles will simply bounce off one another unchanged?
answer: kinetic energy

question: Muscles that move what long bone originate on the pelvic girdle?
answer: femur

question: In an atom, what is determined by electron distribution in shells?
answer: chemical behavior

question: What term is defined as a way of writing very large or small numbers that uses exponents?
answer: scientific notation

question: Electrons are always added to which energy level first?
answer: the lowest

question: What type of symmetry do echinoderms show?
answer: radial

question: Nails cover the tips of what?
answer: fingers and toes

question: Which carrier molecule becomes less effective at binding oxygen as temperature increases?
answer: hemoglobin

question: What is found at the top of the stamen?
answer: pollen

question: What field of study is called the language of science?
answer: mathematics

question: What is the term for  tough, flexible connective tissue that contains the protein collagen?
answer: cartilage

question: Liquid water changing to water vapor is called?
answer: evaporation

question: What is used to prevent some infectious diseases?
answer: vaccines

question: The change in the characteristics of living things over time is known as _________
answer: evolution

question: What provides building materials for the body?
answer: food

question: What is the term for animals that eat producers to get energy?
answer: herbivores

question: Farsightedness, or hyperopia, is the condition in which distant objects are seen clearly, but nearby objects are?
answer: blurry

question: Melting ice and grinding wood into sawdust are examples of what?
answer: physical changes

question: In humans and other multicellular organisms, different types of what basic structures are specialized for specific jobs?
answer: cells

question: How much unpolarized light does a polarized filter block?
answer: 50%

question: What is the term for cellular eating?
answer: phagocytosis

question: Genes are used to make mrna by the process of transcription; mrna is used to synthesize proteins by the process of what?
answer: translation

question: What is the most important way that humans communicate?
answer: language

question: Somatic, autonomic, and enteric structures are part of what system?
answer: nervous system

question: Duckweed and cattails serve what role in the food chain in freshwater biomes?
answer: primary producer

question: If humans were to artificially intervene and fertilize the egg of a bald eagle with the sperm of an african fish eagle and a chick did hatch, that offspring, called a hybrid (a cross between two species), would probably be this?
answer: infertile

question: What causes lightning during a thunderstorm?
answer: difference in charge

question: The human heart is located within what cavity?
answer: thoracic

question: What is the name of the symbiotic relationship in which one species benefits while the other species is not affected?
answer: commensalism

question: Living things need to take in nutrients so that they can grow and create what?
answer: energy

question: Common forms of what include light, chemical and heat, along with kinetic and potential?
answer: energy

question: What is the job of hemoglobin in the body?
answer: transports oxygen

question: What are the most numerous and diverse biochemical compounds?
answer: proteins

question: Loss of what eventually threatens other species not impacted directly, because of their interconnectedness; as species disappear from an ecosystem others are threatened by changes in available resources?
answer: biodiversity

question: How many centimeters are in a meter?
answer: 100

question: What is the term of a phase change if solid water has it's average kinetic energy increased to change it to liquid water?
answer: melting

question: What type of animals are known for being playful and frisky?
answer: sea otters

question: Virtually all of the effects of pregnancy can be attributed in some way to the influence of what?
answer: hormones

question: A mass suspended by a wire is a simple type of what and undergoes simple harmonic motion for amplitudes less than about 15 degrees?
answer: pendulum

question: The structure of the gas carbon dioxide consists of one atom of carbon and two atoms of what?
answer: oxygen

question: What type of numerical figure is important in considering the precision and accuracy of a number?
answer: significant

question: What rod provides stiffness to counterbalance the pull of muscles?
answer: notochord

question: What type of cell does the sperm cell fertilize?
answer: egg

question: Where does the most important monsoon in the world occur?
answer: southern asia

question: What is the earliest reptile?
answer: hylonomus

question: Which side of the heart does blood from the lungs enter into?
answer: left atrium

question: Smog is a visible form of what?
answer: air pollution

question: Which therapy uses viruses to genetically modify diseased cells and tissues?
answer: viral therapy

question: Radiotherapy is effective against cancer because cancer cells reproduce rapidly and, consequently, are more sensitive to this?
answer: radiation

question: What type of cells are multiple small spaces located in the right and left sides of the ethmoid bone?
answer: ethmoid air cells

question: When what element - whose name means "light bringing" - was first isolated, scientists noted that it glowed in the dark and burned when exposed to air?
answer: phosphorus

question: Digestive enzymes secreted in the acidic environment (low ph) of the stomach help break down what?
answer: proteins

question: The majority of solids are what in nature?
answer: crystalline

question: What are the most abundant unicellular algae in the oceans?
answer: chryosophytes

question: What term is used to describe the cellular structures responsible for protein synthesis?
answer: ribosomes

question: What is the sun classified as on the main sequence?
answer: yellow dwarf

question: The term science comes from a latin word that means?
answer: having knowledge

question: Lymph vessels, like veins, have what objects that prevent the backflow of fluid?
answer: valves

question: Veins subdivide repeatedly and branch throughout what?
answer: mesophyll

question: What is the term for heat being transferred from molecule to molecule?
answer: conduction

question: What is a group of organs that work together to do the same job?
answer: an organ system

question: What are specialized cells that are capable of sending electrical as well as chemical signals?
answer: neurons

question: What did sir isaac newton's famous law help people understand?
answer: gravity

question: Compounds containing an atom of what element, bonded in a hydrocarbon framework, are classified as amines?
answer: nitrogen

question: What line of latitude is an equal distance from both the north and south poles?
answer: equator

question: What type of graph is useful for showing percents of a whole?
answer: circle graphs

question: What substances affect the brain and influence how a person feels, thinks, or acts?
answer: psychoactive drugs or drugs

question: The reaction rate usually increases as the concentration of what increases?
answer: reactants

question: Atoms are composed of negatively charged electrons and a positively charged what?
answer: nucleus

question: Communication is any way that animals share what?
answer: information

question: What do the muscles of the gastrointestinal tract do?
answer: keep food moving

question: What is the fan-like superior region that forms the largest part of the hip bone and is united to the sacrum at the largely immobile sacroiliac joint?
answer: ilium

question: What do jellyfish lack in their nervous system?
answer: true brain

question: Ingestive protists extend their cell wall and cell membrane around the food item, forming a what?
answer: food vacuole

question: What type of flowers offer no reward, such as nectar, to a male wasp?
answer: ophrys

question: If an abnormal cell is not prevented from dividing and it divides uncontrollably, what forms?
answer: tumor

question: Vertebrates have evolved more complex digestive systems, with some species having multi-chambered types of what organ?
answer: stomach

question: A trait controlled by a single gene that has two alleles is given what name, after the scientist who studied inheritance?
answer: mendelian trait

question: What law states that energy cannot be created or destroyed?
answer: conservation of energy

question: How do mammals generate heat?
answer: maintaining high metabolism

question: What are small, icy objects that have very elliptical orbits around the sun?
answer: comets

question: Is the most basic what is the most basic of the sciences, concerning itself with energy, matter, space and time, and their interactions?
answer: physics

question: Which is the active ingredient of cereal crop disease, ergot?
answer: lysergic acid

question: What type of structures evolved to do the same job by unrelated organisms?
answer: analogous structures

question: What explains the spherical shape of ceres, once thought to be the largest asteroid?
answer: high gravity

question: What measures the height of the largest seismic wave or earth quakes?
answer: richter scale

question: What type of winds are created when more solar energy strikes the equator than the polar regions?
answer: global winds

question: Reptiles and birds are the only known living descendants of what?
answer: dinosaurs

question: Organism's changing over time is called?
answer: evolution

question: The law of conservation mass states that matter cannot be created or what?
answer: destroyed

question: What help should you use for disposing hazardous products?
answer: guidelines on label

question: Although surface waves are slowest, they do most of the damage of what event?
answer: earthquake

question: Fruit begins to ripen because what gas is released?
answer: ethylene

question: Winter storms develop from what, which form at high altitudes and are associated with hurricanes as well?
answer: cyclones

question: Fungi absorb nutrients from the environment through what?
answer: mycelia

question: What do you call any process in which excess water or wastes are removed from the body?
answer: excretion

question: Earth's temperature will increase further as more of what colorfully nicknamed gases are put into the atmosphere?
answer: greenhouse gases

question: What happens to cells in a hypertonic solution as water leaves the cell via osmosis?
answer: shrinkage

question: Digestion and respiration are both facilitated by the pharynx, more commonly called the what?
answer: throat

question: What muscle is found only in the walls of the heart?
answer: cardiac muscle

question: The wave on a guitar string is transverse. the sound wave rattles a sheet of paper in a direction that shows the sound wave is what?
answer: longitudinal

question: How do leaves export sugar to roots and other nonphotosynthetic parts of the plant?
answer: veins

question: Some metals, such as gold and platinum, do not corrode easily because they are very resistant to what?
answer: oxidation

question: What are floods a source of on a floodplain?
answer: nutrients

question: Which process helps deaminate amino acids?
answer: transamination

question: What is each half of the cerebrum called?
answer: a hemisphere

question: During interphase, the cell undergoes normal growth processes while also preparing for what, by accumulating energy and building blocks of dna?
answer: cell division

question: What type of species have a large effect on the balance of organisms in an ecosystem?
answer: keystone

question: Which type of skeleton supports the animal, protects internal organs, and allows for movement?
answer: internal

question: After cell division what are the two new cells called?
answer: daughter cells

question: What are bacteria and archaea examples of?
answer: prokaryotes

question: What gives a coil of copper wire the ability to conduct electricity well?
answer: metallic bonds

question: Blood helps maintain homeostasis by stabilizing ph, temperature, osmotic pressure, and by eliminating this?
answer: excess heat

question: During sexual reproduction, the macronucleus dissolves and is replaced by what?
answer: micronucleus

question: When naming this type of ion the ending of the element’s name is dropped and replaced with the – ide suffix?
answer: anions

question: What is a random change in an organism's genes?
answer: mutation

question: Osseous tissue - the connective tissue that includes specialized cells, mineral salts, and collagen fibers - makes up what?
answer: bone

