question: Which American-born Sinclair won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1930?
answer: (Harry) Sinclair Lewis

question: Where in England was Dame Judi Dench born?
answer: Park Grove (1895)

question: In which decade did Billboard magazine first publish and American hit chart?
answer: 30's

question: From which country did Angola achieve independence in 1975?
answer: Portogało

question: Which city does David Soul come from?
answer: Chi-Beria

question: Who won Super Bowl XX?
answer: Chicago Bears

question: Which was the first European country to abolish capital punishment?
answer: Norvège

question: In which country did he widespread use of ISDN begin in 1988?
answer: 日本國

question: What is Bruce Willis' real first name?
answer: Walter (TV Series)

question: Which William wrote the novel Lord Of The Flies?
answer: Golding

question: Which innovation for the car was developed by Prince Henry of Prussia in 1911?
answer: Rear-window wiper

question: How is musician William Lee Conley better known?
answer: Bill Broonzy

question: How is Joan Molinsky better known?
answer: Queen of Comedy

question: In which branch of the arts is Patricia Neary famous?
answer: Ballet

question: Which country is Europe's largest silk producer?
answer: Environment of Italy

question: The VS-300 was a type of what?
answer: 🚁

question: At which university did Joseph Goebbels become a doctor of philosophy?
answer: Heidelberg romantics

question: Which prince is Queen Elizabeth II's youngest son?
answer: Eadweard

question: When did the founder of Jehovah's Witnesses say the world would end?
answer: one thousand, nine hundred and fourteen

question: Who found the remains of the Titanic?
answer: Bob Ballard

question: Who was the only Spice Girl not to have a middle name?
answer: My Love Is For Real (Victoria Beckham song

question: What are the international registration letters of a vehicle from Algeria?
answer: DZ (disambiguation)

question: How did Jock die in Dallas?
answer: Helicopter accident

question: What star sign is Michael Caine?
answer: Pisces (disambiguation)

question: Who wrote the novel Evening Class?
answer: Maeve Binchy

question: Which country does the airline Air Pacific come from?
answer: Fiji Islands

question: In which branch of the arts does Allegra Kent work?
answer: Ballet

question: Who had a 70s No 1 hit with Billy, Don't Be A Hero?
answer: Bo donaldson and the heywoods

question: Banting and Best pioneered the use of what?
answer: Insulin antagonists

question: Who directed the movie La Dolce Vita?
answer: Federico Fellini, Cavaliere di Gran Croce OMRI

question: Which country does the airline LACSA come from?
answer: Countries: Costa Rica

question: Who directed 2001: A Space Odyssey?
answer: Stanley Q-Brick

question: Which is the largest of the Japanese Volcano Islands?
answer: Mount Surabachi

question: Ezzard Charles was a world champion in which sport?
answer: Prize fight

question: Who was the first woman to make a solo flight across the Atlantic?
answer: Amelia airheart

question: Which port lies between Puget Sound and Lake Washington?
answer: Seattle, Washington.

question: In which city were Rotary Clubs set up in 1905?
answer: Chi-Beria

question: Who became US Vice President when Spiro Agnew resigned?
answer: President Gerald R. Ford

question: In which decade of the 20th century was Billy Crystal born?
answer: The Forties

question: Which George invented the Kodak roll-film camera?
answer: Eastman

question: Which series had the characters Felix Unger and Oscar Madison?
answer: The Odd Couple

question: Who along with Philips developed the CD in the late 70s?
answer: Tokyo Tsushin Kogyo

question: Where is the multinational Nestle based?
answer: ISO 3166-1:CH

question: Do You Know Where You're Going To? was the theme from which film?
answer: Mahoganies

question: 19969 was the Chinese year of which creature?
answer: 🐀

question: In the 90s how many points have been awarded for finishing second in a Grand Prix?
answer: six

question: Stapleton international airport is in which US state?
answer: Colorado (State)

question: What was Kevin Kline's first movie?
answer: Sophie's Choice

question: Which actor had a Doberman Pinscher called Kirk?
answer: Gloria Rabinowitz

question: What day of the week was the Wall Street Crash?
answer: Thor's Day

question: The US signed a treaty with which country to allow the construction of the Panama Canal?
answer: Columbia

question: What was Prince's last No 1 of the 80s?
answer: Batdance

question: Man In The Mirror first featured on which Michel Jackson album?
answer: Bad (disambiguation)

question: Where was the first battle with US involvement in the Korean War?
answer: 水原

question: On which Caribbean island did Princess Diana spend he first Christmas after her divorce was announced?
answer: Barbuda Island, Antigua and Barbuda

question: In which decade was Arnold Schwarzenegger born?
answer: The Fifties

question: Which musical featured the song Thank Heaven for Little Girls?
answer: Gigi

question: The Queen Elizabeth liner was destroyed by fire in the 70s in which harbour?
answer: Kong Hong

question: What breed of dog did Columbo own?
answer: Basset Hound

question: What was the first movie western called?
answer: Josefa Jamarillo Carson

question: Which Oscar-winning actress was born on exactly the same day as actress Lindsay Wagner?
answer: Meryl streep

question: Which Amendment to the Constitution brought in prohibition in 1920?
answer: 18

question: Which oil scandal hit the US in 1924?
answer: Teapot dome affair

question: Phil Collins appeared in which Spielberg film with Robin Williams?
answer: Hook

question: 1998 was the Chinese year of which creature?
answer: Tigress

question: Which country does musician Alfred Brendel come from?
answer: The Republic of Austria

question: Theodore Francis international airport is in which US state?
answer: RhodeIsland

question: In which soap did Demi Moore find fame?
answer: Everyday Heroes

question: To the nearest million, what is the population of London, England?
answer: seven million

question: What did Clarice Cliff create?
answer: Pots

question: Which James Bond film features a song by Louis Armstrong?
answer: Ohmss

question: In what year were US ground troops first dispatched to Vietnam?
answer: one thousand, nine hundred and sixty-five

question: In 1999 Anna Kournikova signed a lucrative contract to model what?
answer: Bras

question: Which member of the Monkees came from Washington DC?
answer: Peter Thorkelson

question: Which ship was sunk by a German submarine in 1915 with a loss of 1400 lives including 128 Americans?
answer: Roman Lusitania

question: In what decade were video recorders first developed?
answer: The Fifties

question: Who had the noels Spy Hook and Spy Line published in the 80s?
answer: Leonard Cyril Deighton

question: the first credit cards were for use in what type of establishments?
answer: Eateries

question: In which country was Ursula Andrews born?
answer: ISO 3166-1:CH

question: What was CBS TV news broadcaster Walter Cronkite's stock closing phrase?
answer: Cronkite, Walter Leland, Jr.

question: Who had a 70s No 1 hit with Let Your Love Flow?
answer: Howard Bellamy

question: Which state renewed Mike Tyson's boxing license in 1998?
answer: Silver State

question: Neil Armstrong was a pilot in which war?
answer: Corean

question: Which English-born US citizen hosted Masterpiece theater?
answer: Alastair Cooke

question: Nickelodeon was founded in 1979 by which company?
answer: Warner Amex

question: Which element along with polonium did the Curies discover?
answer: Radium

question: In The Banana Splits what sort of animal was Snorky?
answer: Elephantinely

question: Who had an 80s No 1 hit with Can't Fight This Feeling?
answer: REO (album)

question: Which parallel was the truce line in the Korean War?
answer: 38th Parallel

question: On a computer keyboard which letter is between A and D?
answer: 🅢

question: Which musical featured the song Flash Bang, Wallop?
answer: One-half

question: What was Hitchcock's first sound movie?
answer: Blackmailer

question: Which newspaper did Jackie Kennedy work for just before her marriage?
answer: Washington Times (original)

question: What are the international registration letters of a vehicle from Turkey?
answer: T.R.

question: Who wrote The Turn Of The Screw in the 19th century and The Ambassadors in the 20th?
answer: The Finer Grain

question: Which American nuclear submarine was the first to sail across the North Pole under the ice cap?
answer: Nautilus

question: What was John Glenn/'s first spacecraft called?
answer: Mercury 6

question: Which branch of medicine is concerned with disorders of the blood?
answer: Automated hematology

question: Where was The Iron Triangle?
answer: Độc lập - tự do - hạnh phúc

question: What is the correct name of laughing gas?
answer: Happy gas

question: What is the distance between bases on a little league baseball field?
answer: 60 distance

question: How many home runs did baseball great Ty Cobb hit in the three world series in which he played?
answer: None

question: In cross-country bike racing, what do the initials BMX represent?
answer: Bicycle moto x (cross)

question: After retiring as a player, with what team did baseball great Babe Ruth spend one year as a coach?
answer: The Brooklyn Dodgers in 1938

question: What is the maximum weight permitted for calves in rodeo calf-roping competition?
answer: 350 pounds. The minimum is 200 pounds

question: What baseball player hit the only home run of his 212-year major league career off his own brother?
answer: Joe Nickro in 1976. Nickro, a pitcher with the Houston Astros, hit a four-bagger off his brother Phil, who was pitching fro the Atlanta Braves. Houston won the game, 4-3

question: Brooks Robinson and Carl Yastrzemski hold the major league baseball record for playing the greatest number of seasons with the same team. How many years did they play-- and with what teams?
answer: 23 years. Third baseman Robinson played with the Baltimore Orioles from 1955 to 1977; Carl Yastrzemski, outfielder/first baseman, played with the Boston Red Sox from 1961 to 1983

question: Under the rules outlined in the charter of the International Olympic Committee, how much pure gold must there be in each gold medal awarded to first-place winners?
answer: At least 6 grams. Silver medals must be at least .925 sterling silver

question: Who was the famous great-great-grandfather of San Francisco 49er quarterback Steve Young?
answer: Mormon leader Brigham Young

question: How many of the four Grand Slam trophies in tennis are gold; how many are silver?
answer: Only the Wimbledon trophy is gold; the others--for the U.S. Open, the French Open and the Australian Open--are sliver

question: "What breakfast food gets its name from the German word for ""stirrup""?"
answer: New York bagel

question: What popular drink did a Dutch medical professor produce in his laboratory while trying to come up with a blood cleanser that could be sold in drugstores?
answer: Mothers ruin

question: On what vegetable did an ancient Egyptian place his right hand when taking an oath?
answer: The onion. Its round shape symbolized eternity

question: What American city produces most of the egg rolls sold in grocery stores in the United States?
answer: Houstonians

question: Italy leads the world in pasta consumption with 61.7 pounds eaten per person per year. What country is second?
answer: Venezuela, where the annual pasta consumption is 27.9 pounds

question: When Birdseye introduced the first frozen food in 1930, what did the company call it/
answer: Frosted food

question: Which 100-mile long waterway links the Mediterranean and the Red Sea?
answer: Suez Canal Zone

question: In which country is the Aswan Dam?
answer: EGY

question: Where did Idi Amin rule from 1971-1979?
answer: Ugandese

question: Which country has the rand as its currency?
answer: South africa

question: What is the former name of the People's Republic of Venin?
answer: Dahomey kingdom

question: In which country are Tangier and Casablanca?
answer: ISO 3166-1:MA

question: Who was the Egyptian president who was assassinated in 1981?
answer: Sadat

question: Which country was called Upper Volta until 1984?
answer: Bourkina-Fasso

question: Who was the Egyptian king whose tomb an treasures were discovered in the Valley of the Kings in 1922?
answer: King Tut

question: Name the East African country which lies on the equator.
answer: Kenyan

question: What are the two main arms of the River Nile called?
answer: Blue Nile and White Nile

question: In which country did King Hassan II ascend the throne in 1961?
answer: ISO 3166-1:MA

question: Which British general was killed at Khartoum in 1885?
answer: Gordon (disambiguation)

question: On the border of which two countries is Victoria Falls?
answer: Zambia and Zimbabwe

question: What is the name of the volcanic valley that runs from the Sinai peninsula to central Mozambique?
answer: Syrian-African rift

question: Which actor won an Academy Award for his performance in The African Queen?
answer: Humphrey boggart

question: Who wrote the novel Cry, the Beloved Country about South Africa?
answer: Alan Paton

question: What is the capital of Kenya?
answer: Nairobi Province, Kenya

question: From which European country did Angola achieve independence in 1975?
answer: Portogało

question: Which country mainly makes up the Horn of Africa?
answer: Somali National Salvation Committee

question: What is the capital of Sierra Leone?
answer: Freetown Colony

question: Which country is the island of Zanzibar part of?
answer: Tanzanian

question: What is Africa's largest country?
answer: Sudan

question: Which African country is bordered by Benin, Ghana, Ivory Coast, Niger, and Mali?
answer: Bourkina-Fasso

question: Who was the woman sentenced to six years in jail after the murder of Stompei Seipi?
answer: Nomzamo Winifred Zanyiwe Madikizela

question: In which country are the towns of Gweru and Kwekwe?
answer: Zimbobwe

question: Who was the founder of the Back to Africa movement who largely inspired Rastafarianism?
answer: MARCUS GARVEY

question: Which African country is sandwiched between Ghana and Benin?
answer: Republic of Togo

question: The Zambesi and which other river define the borders of Matabeleland?
answer: Northern Province, South Africa

question: In which mountains are Camp David?
answer: Appalachian

question: "Which song say, ""The words of the prophet are written on the subway walls?"""
answer: The Sounds of Silence (song)

question: Who sang the title song for the Bond film A View To A Kill?
answer: Duran duran

question: In which country did General Jaruzelski impose marital law in 1981?
answer: Etymology of Poland

question: Who won the Oscar for directing It Happened One Night?
answer: Frank Capra

question: Hellenikon international airport is in which country?
answer: Yunanistan

question: Who had a 60s No 1 with Lightnin' Strikes?
answer: Luigi A.G. Sacco

question: In which year was CNN founded?
answer: one thousand, nine hundred and eighty

question: Who was President Reagan's Secretary for Defense from 1987 to 1989?
answer: Frank Charles Carlucci

question: Which famous brother of Talia Shire does not share her last name?
answer: Ford coppola

question: In basketball where do the Celtics come from?
answer: City of Boston

question: Which Disney film had the theme tune A Whole New World?
answer: 'Ala' ad Din

question: What does MG sand for in Booker T & The MG's?
answer: Memphis style

question: Florence Ballard was a member of which girl group?
answer: Diana Ross and the Supremes

question: Who was born first, Susan Sarandon or Glenn Close?
answer: Susan Abigail Sarandon

question: Who wrote the novel The Go Between?
answer: L P Hartley

question: In which musical do the sweeps sing Chim Chim Cheree?
answer: Mrs. George Banks

question: Who had a big 60s No 1 with Tossin' and Turnin'?
answer: Bobby Lewis

question: Sam Phillips was owner of which legendary recording studio?
answer: Structure of the Sun

question: Which actor played Maxwell Smart?
answer: Adams, Don

question: On a computer keyboard which letter on the same line is between C and B?
answer: History of V

question: Lunar 10's Lunar Excursion Module was named after which famous character?
answer: Snoopie

question: In which decade did golfer Gary Player last win the British Open?
answer: 1970s (decade)

question: Sarah FitzGerald has been a 90s world champion in which sport?
answer: Squash (disambiguation)

question: Where was the peace treaty signed that brought World War I to an end?
answer: Palais de Versailles

question: Which Welsh singer was invited to sing at the White House on Millennium Eve?
answer: Jones, Tom

question: Which company was responsible for the oil spill in Alaska in 1989?
answer: Standard Oil New Jersey

question: What date is Father's Day?
answer: 3rd Sunday in June

question: In which decade of the 20th century was the FBI set up?
answer: 1900s

question: In which decade of the 20th century was Dan Aykroyd born?
answer: The Fifties

question: Which American wrote The Game of Chess in 1959?
answer: Bobby Fischer (Chess career)

question: Which leader did Hitler meet in the Brenner Pass in WWII?
answer: Moussolini

question: Which company first manufactured the electric toothbrush?
answer: Bristol Myers-Squibb

question: Who lived under the pseudonym of Harriet Brown in New York form the 40s to the 90s?
answer: Garbo speaks

question: Which actor bought the island of Tetiaroa?
answer: Marlon Brando Jr.

question: Between 1952 and 1954 did the number of TV stations in the USA double, triple or quadruple?
answer: Thricefold

question: What was Wham!'s first No 1?
answer: Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go

question: Which musical featured the song You'll Never Walk Alone?
answer: Carousels

question: In which year was Bloody Sunday in Londonderry?
answer: one thousand, nine hundred and seventy-two

question: The first untethered space walk took place from which space craft?
answer: Challenger

question: What was the main color of a Storm trooper in Star Wars?
answer: White (Colour)

question: Richard Nixon was Vice President to which US state?
answer: Eisenhower Dwight

question: Luxor international airport is in which country?
answer: EGY

question: Which country did Albert Einstein move to as the Nazis rose to power?
answer: The United States of America

question: In the 90s how many points have been awarded for finishing first in a Grand Prix?
answer: 10

question: Which lawyer made Raymond Burr famous?
answer: Perry Mason (film)

question: Which broadcasting company did Edward J Noble found?
answer: ABCs

question: In which decade did the Jackson 5 sign to Motown?
answer: Sixties Revolution

question: How many vice presidents did Franklin D Roosevelt have?
answer: 3

question: In which state is Harrah's Auto Collection situated?
answer: Silver State

question: What was the name of Gene Autry's horse?
answer: Champion

question: Which city has a sports team of Steelers and team of Pirates?
answer: Smoky City

question: What did Fort Dearborn, Indian Territory change its name to?
answer: Chi-Beria

question: Bill Berry retired through ill health as a drummer in which band?
answer: REM

question: Leslie Nielsen trained in which of the armed services in WWII?
answer: Royal Canadian

question: What went with Blood and Sweat in the name of the 60s rock band?
answer: Wept

question: Which musical featured the song I Feel Pretty?
answer: The Sharks (West Side Story)

question: Who produced the first Jetliner in 1957?
answer: Boeing Aircraft of Canada

question: In which decade of the 20th century was James Caan born?
answer: 1930’s

question: In which country is the deepwater port of Trondheim?
answer: Norvège

question: In which state is Camp David?
answer: Education in Maryland

question: What was the Statue of Liberty originally called?
answer: Liberty, Statue of

question: Who sang the Bond theme form From Russia With Love?
answer: Fred Flange

question: Which company was responsible for the oil spill in New York harbor in 1990?
answer: Standard Oil New Jersey

question: In which country was Arnold Schwarzenegger born?
answer: The Republic of Austria

question: Who had an 80s No 1 with Don't You Want Me?
answer: The Human League

question: Which star of Hannah And Her Sisters has a child called Free?
answer: Barbara Hershey

question: Who had 70s hits with Have You Seen Her and Oh Girl?
answer: ChiLites

question: In which decade of the 20th century was Father's Day first celebrated?
answer: 1910s

question: "What was the name of the ""girl with kaleidoscope eyes"" in a Beatles song?"
answer: Lucy Lucia

question: Will Rogers airport was built in which US state?
answer: Okla.

question: What writer was expelled from West Point for showing up for a public parade wearing only a white belt and gloves?
answer: Edgar alen poe

question: "What couple live next door to Dagwood and Blondie Bumstead in ""Blondie""?"
answer: Herb and Tootsie Woodley

question: Who was the Lone Ranger's great grand-nephew?
answer: Green Hornet (film)

question: "Psychologist William Moulton Marston, inventor of the polygraph, or lie detector, also created a famous comic book heroine,. Who was she?"""
answer: Wonder-woman

question: """Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again,"" was the first line of what Daphne du Maurier novel?"
answer: Rifkah

question: "What is the actual title of Leonardo da Vinci's ""Mona Lisa""?"
answer: La Gioconda (disambiguation)

question: In Henry Wadsworth Longfellow's famous poem, Hiawatha, what was the name of Hiawatha's wife?
answer: Minnehaha

question: How many husbands did the Wife of Bath have, as reported in Chaucer's Canterbury Tales?
answer: five

question: What was the name of the she-ape that rescued the infant Tarzan and raised him to be Lord of the Apes?
answer: Kāla

question: What was the title of Mac West's 1959 autobiography?
answer: Goodness Had Nothing to Do With It

question: "What words did Lewis Carroll combine to come up with the term ""chortle"" in Through a Looking-Glass?"
answer: Chuckle and snort

question: "Shakespeare wrote that ""brevity is the soul of wit."" What did noted wit Dorothy Parker say it was?"
answer: The soul of lingerie

question: What is the native country of Agatha Chrisitie's detective Hercule Poirot?
answer: Belguim

question: What was the hometown of Sgt. Snorkel in Beetle Bailey?
answer: Pork Corners, Kansas

question: In the Robin Hood stories, what was the real name of Little John?
answer: John Little

question: The Last Of The Really Great Whangdoodles and Mandy are children's books written by what well-known Oscar-winning actress?
answer: Julia Elizabeth Wells

question: By what pseudonym is writer Frederick Dannay Manfred Bennington Lee better known?
answer: Manfred B. Lee

question: How many times did Ernest Hemingway revise the last page of A Farewell To Arms?
answer: 39 times

question: What was art-world guru Andy Warhol's name at birth?
answer: Andy Warhaul

question: What was the maiden name of Blondie Bumstead, the comic-strip wife of hapless Dagwood Bumstead?
answer: Boopadoop

question: What famous comic strip character was inspired by the 1936 Henry Fonda film Trail of the Lonesome Pine?
answer: Al Capp's Li'l Abner

question: What was the original name of the orphan created in 1924 by cartoonist Harold Gray in the comic strip we know as Little Orphan Annie?
answer: Otto

question: What was the name of Elizabeth Barrett Browning's pet golden cocker spaniel ?
answer: Flush (disambiguation)

question: The title of what poetic drama by Robert Browning was used to name a Kentucky town?
answer: Pipa Passes

question: What did L. Fran Baum, author of the The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, call his home in Hollywood?
answer: Ozcot

question: What exotic city was featured in National Geographic magazine's first photo story in 1905?
answer: Lhasa

question: How much time did Jonah spend in the belly of the whale?
answer: Three days and three nights

question: For what event in February 1964 did evangelist Billy Graham break his strict rule against watching TV on Sunday?
answer: The Beatles' first appearance on The Ed Sullivan Show

question: How tall was Goliath, the Philistine giant slain by David with a stone hurled from a sling?
answer: Six cubits and a span,

question: "In the Bible, for what ""price"" did Esau sell his birthright to his younger twin brother, Jacob?"
answer: Pottage of lentils (Genesis 25:29-34)

question: What bird is named for the apostle Peter?
answer: The petrel, from a diminutive form of Petrus, or Peter, in Latin

question: Who is the only woman whose age is mentioned in the Bible?
answer: Sarah

question: What is the most common name in the Bible--shared by 32 people in the Old Testament and one in the New Testament?
answer: Zecharyah

question: In what language was the New Testament originally written?
answer: In Greek

question: What was the total population of the world at the time of Christ?
answer: About 200 million

question: Who were the parents of King Solomon?
answer: 2 Samuel 11

question: What is the name of Dr. Seuss's egg-hatching elephant?
answer: Horton (disambiguation)

question: Who was Clark Kent's high school sweetheart?
answer: Lana Lazarenko

question: "What famous book begins: ""Chug, chug, chug. Puff, puff, puff""?"
answer: The Little Engine that Could

question: To whom did Herman Melville dedicate his novel, Moby Dick?
answer: Hawthornean

question: "Under what assumed name did Oscar Wilde live out the last three years of his life, in ""France?"
answer: Oscar Wild

question: What was Scarlett O'Hara's real first name?
answer: Katie

question: How many years did Robinson Crusoe spend shipwrecked on his island?
answer: 24

question: "What one word was intentionally left out of the movie version of Mario Puzo's novel, ""The Godfather"". even though this word was the working title of the book?"
answer: Mob (crime)

question: In the comic strips, what was the name of Mandrake the Magician's giant partner?
answer: Lothar

question: What was the name of the pig leader in George Orwell's Animal Farm?
answer: Napoleon Buonaparte

question: Tess Trueheart is the wife of what comic strip character?
answer: Dick tracy watch

question: In the Little Orphan Annie comic strip, what was the name of Daddy Warbucks's Giant bodyguard who wore a turban?
answer: The land of five rivers

question: The Terror of the Monster was an early title for a best-selling novel which inspired one of the highest-grossing movies of the mid-70's. Under what name did it eventually terrify the reading and film going public?
answer: Jaws (software)

question: Who wrote the story upon which Alfred Hitchcock based his 1963 suspense film The Birds?
answer: Daphne du Maurier, best known for Rebecca

question: Who was British Prime Minister when World War II broke out?
answer: Neville Chaimberlain

question: How was Oflag IVC prison camp better known?
answer: Colditz

question: Who succeeded Theodore Roosevelt as President?
answer: W.H. Taft

question: To whom did the Bee Gees pay tribute in Tapestry Revisited?
answer: Goffin and King

question: Who was born first, James Caan or Michael Douglas?
answer: James Con

question: In which country is the deepwater ort of Brindisi?
answer: Environment of Italy

question: The word anchorman was credited by Sig Michelson about which CBS News Legend?
answer: Cronkite, Walter Leland, Jr.

question: Who wrote The Picture Of Dorian Gray?
answer: Oscar Wild

question: Who sang the title song for the Bond film You Only Live Twice?
answer: Nancy sinatra

question: Who had a big 90s No 1 with This Is How We Do It?
answer: Supa Star

question: Which national park, famous for aboriginal rock paintings, is near Darwin?
answer: Kakadu National Park (Stage 2)

question: In TV's All In The Family what was Mike and Gloria's son called?
answer: Joey (disambiguation)

question: Who sang with Crosby, Stills and Young?
answer: Graham William Nash

question: In which John Logie Baird invent television?
answer: 1920's

question: Who sang the title song for the Bond film License To Kill?
answer: Gladys Knight

question: Black or White came from which Michael Jackson album?
answer: Dangerous (song)

question: On a computer keyboard, which letter is between G ad J?
answer: ⒣

question: In which town or city was General Motors founded?
answer: Flint michigan

question: In which country was the Russian Revolutionary Leon Trotsky murdered?
answer: Mexican Republic

question: Which duo had a 60s No 1 with A World Without Love?
answer: Peter and Gordon

question: In which US state was Tennessee Williams born?
answer: The Hospitality State

question: Who was Israeli Prime Minister from 1969 to 1974?
answer: Golda Meir

question: Bob Gaudio and Nick Massi sang with which group?
answer: Four Seasons

question: In which country was Angelica Huston born?
answer: Irlanda

question: What were the first two names of 'Cannonball' Adderley?
answer: Julian Edwin

question: Carrasco international airport is in which country?
answer: Cruzada Libertadora

question: Which record company signed Fabian?
answer: Chancellier fédéral

question: Ron Bower and John Williams set a speed record for going round the world in a what?
answer: 🚁

question: What was the profession of New Yorker Garry Winogrand?
answer: Photographist

question: Amelia Earhart was born in which state?
answer: Kans.

question: Who was Theodore Roosevelt's Vice President between 1901 and 1905?
answer: No One (song)

question: What was Phil Collins' last UK No 1 of the 80s?
answer: Another Day in Paradise (Jam Tronix song)

question: What was Al Pacino's first movie?
answer: Me Natalie

question: In which year did Alcock and Brown make their Atlantic crossing?
answer: 1919

question: Which movie director was born on exactly the same day as actor Tommy Lee Jones?
answer: Stones Law

question: Which singer wrote the musical Someone Like You?
answer: Petula Clark

question: What state had its bi-centenary of joining the Union a year after North Carolina?
answer: RhodeIsland

question: With which instrument was Charlie Christian associated?
answer: Saddle (guitar)

question: In which country is the Howrah bridge?
answer: ഭാരത മഹാരാജ്യം

question: What are the international registration letters of a vehicle from Brunei?
answer: BRU

question: What was Oliver Hardy's real first name?
answer: Norvell

question: Benito Juarez international airport is in which country?
answer: Mexican Republic

question: How old would Rocky Marciano have been had he lived to the end of the 20th century?
answer: 76

question: Who had a 70s No 1 hit with The Night The Lights Went Out In Georgia?
answer: Vicky lawrence

question: Which country does the airline Gronlandsfly come from?
answer: Antarctica of The North

question: Which famous actress was born on exactly the same day as gymnast Olga Korbut?
answer: Mary Debra Winger

question: The diet of what mythical monster periodically included seven youths and seven maidens?
answer: The Minotaur's

question: In Greek mythology, who was the goddess of the rainbow?
answer: Iris

question: In ancient Athens, what tree was considered sacred -- with all its fruit belonging to the state, and death the penalty for anyone caught cutting one down?
answer: Olives

question: What legendary fire-breathing female monster had a lion's head, a goat's body and a dragon's tail?
answer: The Chimera

question: According to legend, who fired the arrow that hit Achilles in the heel, his only vulnerable spot?
answer: Paříž

question: In Greek mythology, who was the queen of the underworld and wife of Hades?
answer: Persephone (godess)

question: "Which entertainer said, ""He was into animal husbandry--until they caught him at it?"
answer: The Irish Ballad (Song)

question: "According to hippy guru Dr. Timothy Leary, what did you do before you ""drop out?"""
answer: Turn on, tune in

question: What is Nelson Mandela's middle name?
answer: Nelson Mendella

question: How old would James Dean have been had he lived to the end of the 20th century?
answer: 68

question: Barry Clifford found fame discovering what?
answer: Sunken pirate ships

question: What was Christopher Reeve's first movie?
answer: Grey Lady Down

question: The Porcaro Brothers featured in which group?
answer: Toto (disambiguation)

question: Which city was called Leninakan until 1990?
answer: Aleksandrapol

question: What is Iggy Pop's real name?
answer: James Osterberg

question: What did Franz Kafka do for a day job?
answer: Worked in insurance

question: Dorval International airport is in which country?
answer: Canada

question: In square miles how big is lake Michigan?
answer: twenty-two thousand, three hundred

question: Who wrote the song Momma Told Me Not To Come?
answer: Randy Numan

question: What star sign is Harrison Ford?
answer: Cancer pathology

question: Who founded the Organization of Afro American Unity?
answer: Muhammad Abdul Aziz

question: Which NASA space probe was launched to Venus in 1989?
answer: Magellan

question: Harry Weinstein became a world champion under which name?
answer: Garry Kasparoff

question: Who directed Good Morning Vietnam?
answer: Barry Levinson

question: What was Bette Davis's real first name?
answer: Ruth (crater)

question: In which sport did Hollywood star Sonja Henie win Olympic Gold?
answer: Ice skater

question: In which decade was Alzheimer's disease first clinically described?
answer: The First Decade

question: What star sign is Glenda Jackson?
answer: Tarus

question: Who won Super Bowl XXV?
answer: New York Giants Depth Chart

question: Robert Mueller Municipal Airport is in which US state?
answer: Texas (U.S. State)

question: In what year were women first admitted to Harvard?
answer: one thousand, nine hundred and sixty-nine

question: Who had 70s No 1 hit with Show and Tell?
answer: Al Wilson

question: Balice international airport is in which country?
answer: Etymology of Poland

question: What was the first name of the original food manufacturer Mr. Heinz?
answer: Henry (disambiguation)

question: Panama proclaimed independence in 1903 from which country?
answer: Columbia

question: How old was Ronald Reagan when he became US President?
answer: sixty-nine

question: Which Iowa-born artist painted American Gothic and Spring Turning?
answer: Grant DeVolson Wood

question: Which country does the airline Garuda come from?
answer: Unitary state of republic of indonesia

question: To ten thousand square miles, what is the area of Idaho?
answer: 82751 area

question: Sarah Vaughan first joined which band as singer?
answer: Earl Hines

question: Elmas international airport is in which country?
answer: Environment of Italy

question: Which pioneering aviator had a plane called Percival Gull?
answer: Jean Gardner Batten

question: Which British political figure became Baroness Kesteven?
answer: Baroness Margaret Thatcher

question: Henri Becquerel shared a Nobel prize for his work in discovering what?
answer: Nuclear decay

question: Who was the first white music star to record on Atlantic, through its sister label Atco?
answer: Bobby Darrin

question: Who took the assumed name Sebastian Melmoth when living in Paris?
answer: Oscar Wild

question: Who signed the Pacific Security Treaty with the USA in 1951?
answer: Australia & New Zealand

question: How many miles long is the canal which links the Pacific and Atlantic Oceans?
answer: 50 miles

question: Who founded the off-Broadway theater where Hair had its premier?
answer: Joe Papp

question: Established in 1919, which is the world's oldest surviving airline?
answer: Koninklijke Luchtvaart Maatschappi

question: "Which US First Lady said, ""No one can make you feel interior unless you consent?"""
answer: Eleanor Roosevelt

question: Who won super bowl X?
answer: Smoky City

question: Who brought to an end Jahangir Khan's long unbeaten run of success in squash in the 80s?
answer: Ross Norman

question: Jomo Kenyatta was born into which tribe?
answer: Gikuyu

question: Bryan Abrams, Sam Walters, Mark Calderon and Kevin Thornton formed which group?
answer: Byran Abrahms

question: When was the Scrabble World championship first held?
answer: 1991

question: Arlanda international airport is in which country?
answer: Swedish sin

question: What year was the centenary of Arkansas joining the Union?
answer: one thousand, nine hundred and thirty-six

question: Which singer formed his own Berlee record label?
answer: Berlee Records

question: Who duetted with Barbra Streisand on Till I Loved You in 1988?
answer: Johnson, Don

question: What was first published on 21st December 1913 in the New York World?
answer: A crossword puzzle

question: What finally knocked One Sweet Day off the No 1 position in the charts in the 90s?
answer: Because You Loved Me

question: In which American state are the Merril Collection and the Burke Museum of Fine Arts?
answer: Texas (U.S. State)

question: Which actor paid $93,500 for the baseball which rolled between Bill Buckner's legs in game six of the 1986 World Series?
answer: Bi-winning

question: Who was Theodore Roosevelt's Vice President between 1905 and 1909?
answer: Charles W. Fairbanks

question: Which nation was the first to ratify the United Nations charter in 1945?
answer: Nicarugua

question: What is the Alaskan terminus of the Alaskan Highway?
answer: Fairbanks, AK

question: What was Buster Keaton's actual first name?
answer: Joseph

question: From 1903 to 1958, every Pope--bar one--took which name?
answer: Pius

question: Which brothers were Warner Bros' first major record success?
answer: Everly (disambiguation)

question: What was the title of Kitty Kelley's book about Elizabeth Taylor?
answer: Elizabeth Taylor: The Last Star

question: What are the international registration letters for a vehicle form Jordan?
answer: Jordan (country)

question: In which country was Julie Christie born?
answer: ഭാരത മഹാരാജ്യം

question: Which artist created the Katzenjammer Kids?
answer: Rudolph Dirks

question: Who had a 60s No 1 hit with Johnny Angel?
answer: Shelley Fabares

question: Which country does the airline VIASA come from?
answer: ISO 3166-1:VE

question: Who directed Back To The Future?
answer: Robert Zemeckis

question: Where was Che Guevara killed?
answer: Bolivia, Plurinational State of

question: Daryl Dragon used which name when he formed a 70s duo?
answer: Captain (military)

question: Which has the highest population, Rode island or South Dakota?
answer: RhodeIsland

question: What was Oliver Reed's real first name?
answer: Robert (name)

question: Which country does the airline Sansa come from?
answer: Countries: Costa Rica

question: Who wrote the song Harper Valley PTA?
answer: Tom T. Hall

question: What was Elvis's last No 1 in his own lifetime?
answer: Suspicious Minds

question: Who choreographed the first performance of Copland's Rodeo?
answer: Agnes Demille

question: Who wrote Riders of the Purple Sage?
answer: Zane Gray

question: What were D W Griffith's first names?
answer: David Wark

question: "Who created the line, ""Happiness is a warm puppy?"
answer: Sparky Schulz

question: Who directed The Big Sleep and Gentlemen Prefer Blondes?
answer: Howard Hawk

question: In which year was the talkie The Jazz Singer released?
answer: one thousand, nine hundred and twenty-seven

question: Alborg Roedslet international airport is in which country?
answer: Eastern Denmark

question: What was Elton John's first US No 1 hit?
answer: Crocodile Rock

question: In which decade was the Oral Roberts University founded at Tulsa?
answer: Sixties Revolution

question: In which English city is the Burrows Toy Museum?
answer: Bath (disambiguation)

question: On which label did the Beach boys record most of their 60s hits?
answer: Capitol

question: Whose musical works included Composition For Orchestra and Philomel?
answer: Milton Babbit

question: What was the first state to join the Union in the 20th century?
answer: Okla.

question: Where were the 2004 Summer Olympic Games held?
answer: Athina

question: What did Arthur Blessitt carry with him on an around-the-world walk taking in 277 nations?
answer: A wooden cross

question: Where in the former Soviet Union was Yul Brynner born?
answer: Sziberia

question: When she died how old was Karen Carpenter?
answer: 32

question: "According to the modern Olympics founder Baron de Coubertin, ""The essential thing is not conquering but..."" what?"
answer: Fighting well

question: In which state was Charles Schulz born?
answer: Minessotta

question: "Who wrote, ""What is this life if full of care, We have no time to stand and stare?"""
answer: WH Davies

question: In which decade was Charles Schulz born?
answer: 1930’s

question: In what year was Oliver Stone born?
answer: one thousand, nine hundred and forty-six

question: What is Axl Rose's real name?
answer: William Bailey

question: What disability did singer Al Hibbler have?
answer: He was blind

question: "Which writer said, "" An atheist is a man who has no invisible means of support?"""
answer: John Scantlebury Blenkiron

question: Which country does the airline Ansett come from?
answer: Australia (Commonwealth realm)

question: Where is New York's Empire State College located?
answer: Saratoga Springs, New York

question: Spear of the Nation was an armed wing of which group?
answer: Tripartite alliance

question: Where in Italy did a US military aircraft slice through the steel wire of a cable car in 1998?
answer: Cavalese, Italy

question: What star sign is shared by Meatloaf and Luciano Pavarotti?
answer: Libra (disambiguation)

question: Where was Pablo Casals buried before he was finally laid to rest in Spain?
answer: Puertorican

question: According to Dateline figures, the highest percentage of male clients are in which profession?
answer: Ledger balance ogf a business

question: Santander international airport is in which country?
answer: Islands of Spain

question: In which year was Nigel Mansell Indy Car Champion?
answer: 1993

question: Thomas Marshal was Vice President to which US President?
answer: Thomas W. Wilson

question: Which year was the first after 1927 that the USA lost the Ryder Cup on home soil?
answer: 1987

question: Ellen Church is recognized as being the first female what?
answer: Cabin crew member

question: Which country does the airline Avensa come from?
answer: ISO 3166-1:VE

question: What was the USA's biggest attack of the Vietnam War when it took place in February 1967?
answer: Operation junction city

question: What was Michael Keaton's first movie?
answer: Nightshift

question: What is Uma Thurman's middle name?
answer: Karunā

question: Which liner launched in 1934 was the largest of her time?
answer: Queen Mary (disambiguation)

question: What was the name of NASA's manned space project whose astronauts were chosen in 1959?
answer: List of manned Mercury flights

question: In which country was Anjelica Huston born?
answer: Irlanda

question: Who wrote the novel Delta Connection?
answer: Hammond Innes

question: In the 70s George Lee was a world champion in which sport?
answer: Aero-tow

question: Who preceded Hosni Mubarak as President of Egypt?
answer: Muhammad Anwar al-Sadat

question: What instrument is associated with Illinois-born John Lewis?
answer: Pianos

question: What type of aid was developed my Miller Hutchinson in the early years of the 20th century?
answer: Irish Society of Hearing Aid Audiologists

question: "Who said, ""My whole life has been one of rejection. Women. Dogs. Comic strips."""
answer: Sparky Schulz

question: John Singer Sargent worked in which branch of the arts?
answer: Paintism

question: Cuscatlan international airport is in which country?
answer: EL Salvador

question: Who was Pope for the shortest length of time in the 20th century?
answer: Albino Luciani

question: What was Gene Kelly's middle name?
answer: Curran (disambiguation)

question: What was the profession of William Eugene Smith?
answer: Photographist

question: Which country does the airline Pluna come form?
answer: Cruzada Libertadora

question: Who directed A Passage To India?
answer: David Lean

question: What is Gregory Peck's real first name?
answer: Eldred (disambiguation)

question: Golfer Bobby Jones was born in which state?
answer: Western Georgia

question: What was the world's first atomic-powered ship called?
answer: N. Lenin

question: Which soap boasted a cafe called the Hot Biscuit?
answer: Dallas Fire-Rescue

question: Which architect designed the Seagram Building, New York City?
answer: Philip Cortelyou Johnson

question: Which gossip columnist was born in the same day as Sir Alexander Fleming who discovered penicillin?
answer: Louella Rose Oettinger

question: In what year was the first performance of Copland's ballet Rodeo?
answer: 1942

question: Ferihegy international airport is in which country?
answer: Maďarsko

question: Who was the defending champion when Virginia Wade won the Wimbledon singles?
answer: Chrissie Evert

question: Who is the youngest female tennis player to win the US Open?
answer: Tracy Austin

question: How many 'victories' did The Red Baron claim in aerial dogfights?
answer: 80

question: Which great guitarist had the first names Aaron Thibodaux?
answer: T–Bone Walker

question: Who first coined the term paradigm for all the factors that influence the scientist's research?
answer: Thomas Kuhn

question: In which country was Sam Neill born?
answer: The Norn Iron

question: What was Dorothy Parker's maiden name?
answer: Rothchild

question: In which month in 1997 was The Notorious B.I.G. gunned down?
answer: ㋂

question: What was the official occupation of Sir Anthony Blunt who was unmasked as a Soviet spy in 1979?
answer: Art historians

question: Which famous name was accused f the abduction of Stompie Seipei?
answer: Nomzamo Winifred Zanyiwe Madikizela

question: What was the highest rank Charles Lindbergh attained?
answer: Brigadier General (United Kingdom)

question: Who was the second person to make a solo transatlantic flight?
answer: Amelia airheart

question: Who became commanding general of the First Armored Corps in 1941?
answer: George S. Patton Jr

question: Who was the third wife of the leader of China's Long March?
answer: 李淑蒙

question: In 1985 Terry Waite returned to Beirut after securing the release of four British hostages where?
answer: Free Democratic Libya

question: Where did Ferdinand Marcos live in exile?
answer: Haiwii

question: Which American led a team to put 10 people on the summit of Everest in 1990?
answer: James Whittaker

question: UN Secretary Dag Hammarskjold was killed over which country?
answer: African Congo

question: What was the autobiography of the first president of non-Apartheid South Africa called?
answer: Long Walk to Freedom

question: Which terrorist group murdered Italian Prime Minister Aldo Moro?
answer: Brigate rosse

question: General Boris Gromov was the last Soviet soldier to leave where in 1989?
answer: Afghanistan

question: Which politician's wife was acquitted in 1990 of defrauding US banks?
answer: Imelda Romuáldez Marcos

question: In what year did Saddam Hussein become President of Iraq?
answer: one thousand, nine hundred and seventy-nine

question: Who became chair of Joint Chiefs of Staff in 1989?
answer: Colon Powell

question: Who became leader of the Bosnian Serbs in 1992?
answer: Dragan David Dabić

question: Who was deputy commander of the 1983 US invasion of Grenada?
answer: General H. Norman Schwarzkopf Jr.

question: What was Mother Teresa's real first name?
answer: Agnes (disambiguation)

question: Which famous daughter was made chief designer at Chloe in 1997?
answer: Stella Nina McCartney

question: Which supermodel was married to Rod Stewart?
answer: Rachel Hunter

question: Who was America's first world chess champion?
answer: Bobby Fischer (Chess career)

question: Which Swiss-born Californian first used an amplifier with a guitar?
answer: Adolph Rickenbacker

question: Who was chairman of the Watergate hearings?
answer: Samuel James Ervin Jr

question: Who was credited with popularizing the term rock 'n' roll?
answer: Alan Freed and payola

question: What were Gary Gilmore's final words before his execution in 1977?
answer: Let's do It

question: In which country was Ivana Trump born and brought up?
answer: Česko Slovensko

question: Who wrote the stage musical Cabaret?
answer: Bob Fosse

question: Flamenco dancer Joaquin Cortes hit the headlines in 1996 over his relationship with which supermodel?
answer: Naomi Campbell

question: Which Italian fashion designer was murdered on the orders of his ex-wife?
answer: Gucci group

question: How old was George Gershwin when he died?
answer: thirty-eight

question: Who was the first black man to receive the Nobel Peace Prize?
answer: Dr. Ralph Bunche

question: Which golfer became only the fifth in history to win both the British and US Open championships in the same year, in 1982?
answer: Tommy Watson

question: How many times did tennis legend Jimmy Connors win the US Open in the 1970s?
answer: 3

question: Which pop star did model Iman marry in 1992?
answer: Hermione Farthingale

question: Which actress links Dorothy in The Golden Girls and Maude Findlay in Maude?
answer: Bernice Frankel

question: Which of the Friends cast has a son called Julian in real life?
answer: Lisa Kudrow

question: What was the name of Jed's nephew in The Beverly Hillbillies?
answer: Dash Riprock

question: What was Green Acres called on radio?
answer: Granby's Green Acres

question: Which 90s sitcom character was said to be a symbol of failing values which caused LA riots, according to Dan Quayle?
answer: Murphy Brown

question: According to the series when was the Cheers bar founded?
answer: 1895

question: Which sitcom with Vickie Lawrence was a spin-off from the Carol Burnett Show?
answer: Food Circus

question: Who was creator and executive producer of Magnum PI?
answer: Don Bellisario

question: What was the name of the vet in Daktari?
answer: Marsh Tracy

question: Who bought CBS in 1929 and remained on the board until 1983?
answer: William S. Paley

question: Which executive producer of Dream On is well known for films such as Trading Places?
answer: John Landis

question: "To which interviewer did Richard Nixon say, ""I never cry except in public?"
answer: Sir David Paradine Frost

question: Who did Dick Van Dyke play in The Dick Van Dyke Show?
answer: Sally Rogers (The Dick Van Dyke Show)

question: Which English actress and star of Primary Colors appeared as a guest in Cheers?
answer: Emma Wise

question: What was the first sitcom to reach No 1 in the Nielsen ratings?
answer: Mrs. McGillicuddy

question: Who in the singing Jackson family appeared in Different Strokes?
answer: Janet (disambiguation)

question: What was the first spin-off from The Beverly Hillbillies called?
answer: Shady Rest Hotel

question: Which series was a spin off from the Golden Girls spin-off, Empty Nest?
answer: Nurxing

question: "Who said, ""Married men live longer than single men, but married men are more willing to die""?"
answer: Earn Your Vacation

question: In Laverne & Shirley, what was Laverne's last name?
answer: De Fazio

question: Which character did Burt Reynolds play in Evening Shade?
answer: Wood Newton

question: Which comedian starred in the ABC sitcom Chicken Soup?
answer: Goldberg - P.I.

question: Who did Debbie play in The Debbie Reynolds Show?
answer: Debbie Thompson

question: Who interviewed Dudley Moore about his illness in November 1999?
answer: Barbara Walters

question: Dorothy, Rose, Sophia and who else formed the Golden Girls?
answer: Blanch

question: Who first funded Sesame Street?
answer: Children’s Television Workshop

question: In Family Affair what was the butler called?
answer: Français

question: Which multi-millionaire was born the same day TV pioneer John Logie Baird died?
answer: Donald J. Trump Sr.

question: In the Addams Family, what is Gomez's octopus called?
answer: Αριστοτέλης

question: In the animation series, what was Godzilla's nephew called?
answer: Godzilla: The Original Animated Series

question: Which character did Betty White play in The Betty White Show?
answer: Joyce Whitman

question: During the series Roseanne changed her name to Arnold from what?
answer: Barr

question: Which hotel sitcom was based on the British series Fawlty Towers?
answer: Amanda's

question: "Who said, ""It is better to die on your feet than live on your knees?"""
answer: Señor Zapata

question: In which year did Tanganyika and Zanzibar merge to form Tanzania?
answer: 1964

question: In which decade did motor car pioneer Henry Ford die?
answer: The Forties

question: Ed Gagliardi, Al Greenwood and Dennis Elliot have all been in which group?
answer: Foreigner (novel

question: "Which song starts, ""On a dark desert highway?"""
answer: On a dark desert highway

question: For which movie did Katherine Hepburn win her third Oscar?
answer: The Lion In Winter

question: What was Rambo's first name?
answer: John (disambiguation)

question: When did field hockey become an Olympic event for men?
answer: one thousand, nine hundred and eight

question: How was Eleanor Gough McKay better known?
answer: Billie halliday

question: Who invented the world's first data-processing machine?
answer: Herman Hollerith

question: Bill Cosby had a professional trial in which sport?
answer: FOOTBALL

question: What was the first film Alfred Hitchcock made in Hollywood?
answer: Rifkah

question: What is the most common street name in the UK?
answer: Main business road of a city

question: Bujumbura international airport is in which country?
answer: ISO 3166-1:BI

question: The painting The Scream was stolen form which city in 1994?
answer: Municipality of Oslo

question: What was Paul Newman's first movie?
answer: The Silver Chalice

question: "Which 60s song starts, ""You've got a lot of nerve?"""
answer: Positively Fourth Street

question: Which University of Wisconsin has the highest enrolment figure?
answer: Madison

question: What was the day job that Boris Yeltsin started out with?
answer: Builder

question: How old was Harry Stevens when he married at the Caravilla Retirement Home, Wisconsin in 1984?
answer: one hundred and four

question: What is Diane Keaton's real name?
answer: Diane Hall

question: Which word used to be in the name of The San Francisco Ballet?
answer: Operatics

question: Which singer has appeared on the cover of Rolling Stone magazine 16 times?
answer: James Jagger

question: What nationality were Mother Teresa's parents?
answer: Albanian

question: Who had a 60s No 1 hit with I'm Telling You Now?
answer: Freddy and the Dreamers

question: What are the international registration letters of a vehicle from The Bahamas?
answer: B S

question: Which philosopher wrote Eros and Civilization and One Dimensional Man?
answer: Marcusian

question: To ten thousand square miles, what is the area of Pennsylvania?
answer: forty-four thousand, eight hundred and twenty  area

question: What are the international registration letters of a vehicle from Sri Lanka?
answer: C.L.

question: Who directed the movie East of Eden?
answer: Elia Kazan

question: In which year did Count Basie die?
answer: 1984

question: Which bridge is the subject of Hart Crane's The bridge?
answer: I have a bridge to sell you

question: Who is credited with inventing the Tarzan yodel?
answer: Johnny Weismuller

question: Which musical featured the song How To Handle A Woman?
answer: Camelot

question: In which decade of the 20th century was Alec Baldwin born?
answer: The Fifties

question: In which state do most Cree Indians live in the USA?
answer: Politics of Montana

question: Bob Dole trained for which profession although he didn't qualify?
answer: The doctor (film)

question: Out of 11 series of prime time seasons how many times did Happy days make the Nielsen Top Twenty?
answer: 8

question: Who wrote the novel Watership Down?
answer: Richard Adams

question: Who was the Prime Minister of Australia from 1983 - 1991?
answer: Robert Hawke

question: In which decade of the 20th century was James Belushi born?
answer: The Fifties

question: On which river was the Kariba Dam built?
answer: Zambesi

question: Detroit born Diana Earle became famous under which name?
answer: Diana Ernestine Earle Ross

question: Who wrote God Bless America?
answer: Ellin Mackay

question: What was Sean Penn's first movie?
answer: Butterfield's Lullaby

question: Who had and 80s NO 1 with The Tide is High?
answer: Blondie

question: In which Bond film did Britt Ekland appear?
answer: The Man with the Golden Gun

question: What is Mick Jagger's middle name?
answer: Phillip (disambiguation)

question: Who had a No 1 hit single with Together Forever?
answer: Rickard Astley

question: Boxer Jack Dempsey hailed from which state?
answer: Colorado (State)

question: Which British liner was sunk by a German submarine in 1915?
answer: Roman Lusitania

question: Which role as 'the other woman' won Glenn Close her first Oscar nomination?
answer: Bunny boiler

question: Who wrote the novel The Godfather?
answer: Mario Cleri

question: Vehicles from which country use the international registration letter S?
answer: Swedish sin

question: Jack Sharkey was a world champion in which sport?
answer: Prize fight

question: What was Marilyn Monroe's last film?
answer: Misfits (disambiguation)

question: What was Bix Beiderbecke's principal musical instrument?
answer: Kornett

question: US-born Adulyadej Bhumibol became king of which Asian country?
answer: Muang Thai

question: In 1971 Leonard Bernstein wrote a Mass in whose memory?
answer: JFK

question: Who had a big 50s No 1 with A Big Hunk O' Love?
answer: Elvis Aron Presley

question: Whose first hit was Maybellene in 1955?
answer: Chuck Berrie

question: What goes after Love Will Never Do on Janet Jackson's 1990 hit?
answer: Without You (disambiguation)

question: Which Gloria co-founded Ms magazine?
answer: G. Steinem

question: A Fistfull of Dollars was filmed on location in which country?
answer: Environment of Italy

question: Which country lies immediately to the south of Estonia?
answer: Latvijas Republika

question: "Which TV series intro said, ""Return with us now to those thrilling days of yesteryear""?"
answer: Lone Ranger (comics)

question: In which year was the University of Alaska Anchorage founded?
answer: 1954

question: What star sign is shared by peter Gabriel and Stevie Wonder?
answer: Tarus

question: What was John Huston's last movie?
answer: The Dead (1987 movie)

question: Who won Super Bowl III?
answer: NYJ

question: What is Marie Osmond's real first name?
answer: Olives

question: Who sang a solo at Prince Charles and Lady Di's wedding?
answer: Dame Kiri Janette Te Kanawa

question: Calabar international airport is in which country?
answer: Nigerian Independence

question: "Who said, ""A man is only as old as the woman he feels?"""
answer: I don't want to belong to any club that will accept me as a member

question: Which country did Thor Heyerdahl's Kon-Tiki set sail from on its journey to Eastern Polynesia?
answer: Lower Peru

question: Donna Gaines is better known by which name?
answer: Donna Sommer

question: Which element is named after Pierre and Marie Curie?
answer: Curium

question: By the end of the 20th century how many times had Meryl Streep been nominated for an Oscar?
answer: 9

question: Both Richard and Karen Carpenter came fro which state?
answer: Economy of Connecticut

question: What was Mr. Magoo's first name?
answer: Quincy (disambiguation)

question: Which rock star featured in Marvel's 50th issue of Marvel Premiere in 1979?
answer: Humanary Stew: A tribute to Alice Cooper

question: Who was runner-up when Jody Scheckter won motor racing's Formula One Championship?
answer: Gilles Villeneuve

question: How many years after men's field hockey became an Olympic sport did the women's game become an Olympic event?
answer: seventy-two

question: In what year of the 1990s was baseball's World Series canceled?
answer: one thousand, nine hundred and ninety-four

question: Albert Giacometti found fame as what?
answer: Sculptress

question: Who first flew in Friendship 7?
answer: John Herschel Glenn

question: Who had a 50s No 1 with Stagger Lee?
answer: Lloyd Price

question: Who wrote the novel Gentlemen Prefer Blondes?
answer: Chéri (play)

question: Which country does the airline Gulf Air come from?
answer: Asia/Bahrain

question: What is Alistair Cooke's real first name?
answer: Alferd

question: How is seriously rich Percy Miller better known?
answer: Percy Robert Miller

question: How old was Laurel and Hardy producer Hal Roach when he died in 1992?
answer: 100

question: Who was West German Chancellor from 1969 to 1974? Willy Brandt.
answer: Willy Brandt

question: What sort of Menace was the 1999 Star Wars movie?
answer: Phantom

question: What was the name of Drew Barrymore's character in E.T.?
answer: Gertie (disambiguation)

question: Which ER star played opposite Jenny Seagrove in Don' Go Breaking My Heart?
answer: Anthony Charles Edwards

question: Who played Rick Deckard in Blade Runner?
answer: Harrison Ford (actor)

question: What was the fourth Alien film called?
answer: Alien iv

question: What number Star Trek movie was called The Wrath of Khan?
answer: II

question: In Stepmom who played Susan Sarandon's daughter?
answer: Julia Roberts (actress)

question: Which King did Leonardo Di Caprio play in The Man in the Iron Mask?
answer: Louis Xiv

question: Which role did Rupert Everett play in The Madness of King George?
answer: HRH The Prince Charles, Duke of Rothesay

question: Which UK pop singer an environmental campaigner appeared in Dune?
answer: Sting (pain)

question: What was Stanley Kubrick's final movie?
answer: Eyes wide shut

question: Who tries to save the world from virtual reality in The Matrix?
answer: Keanu Reaves

question: Which decade does Michael J Fox go back to in Back to the Future?
answer: The Fifties

question: In which 90s movie did Al Pacino play retired Colonel Frank Slade?
answer: Scent of a Woman

question: What is the name of Kate Winslet's character in Titanic?
answer: Hulthemia

question: Which spin-off from a 60s sitcom was a 1999 movie with Jeff Daniels and Christopher Lloyd?
answer: Tim O'Hara

question: Who played the title role in Emma?
answer: Gwynyth Paltrow

question: Who played Batman immediately before George Clooney?
answer: Val Kilmer

question: Who played the young Obi-Wan Kenobi in the Star Wars prequel?
answer: Ewan McGregor

question: Who played Drew Barrymore's stepmother in Ever After?
answer: Anjelica Huston

question: In which 1998 film did Bruce Willis lead a team to confront a deadly threat from outer space?
answer: Amargeddon

question: Which 1968 sci fi classic was based on The Sentinel by Arthur C Clarke?
answer: 2001 A Space Odyssey

question: Which tough guy played Mr. Freeze in Batman & Robin?
answer: Arnold Schwartzennegger

question: What was the subtitle of Terminator 2?
answer: Judgment day

question: Which 1996 film has its climax on 4th of July?
answer: Independence day

question: Which Apollo mission was filmed in 1995 with Tom Hanks?
answer: 13

question: In which film did Susan Sarandon play Sister Helen Prejean?
answer: Dead Man Walking (disambiguation)

question: In which city does the action of the 1998 movie Godzilla take place?
answer: New Yourk State

question: Which star of Cheers co-starred with ?Whoopi Goldberg in Made in America?
answer: Ted danson

question: What was Pierce Brosnan's first outing as 007?
answer: Goldeneye 007 (Xbox Live Arcade)

question: Which The Bridges of Madison County star became a father again aged 65?
answer: Crint Eastwood

question: Who was the star of the dark thriller 8mm?
answer: Weston Coppola

question: Where was the 1990s version of Dickens' Great Expectations set?
answer: New Yourk State

question: Which important US building has its roof ripped off in Superman II?
answer: White House

question: What is the name of the Darth Vader-to-be in the Star Wars Prequel, Episode 1?
answer: The Hero With No Fear

question: What was the first sequel to Star Wars?
answer: Star Wars Episode 5

question: Who did Jane Fonda play in the 60s movie of the same name where she repeatedly lost her clothes.
answer: Barbarella (disambiguation)

question: Which veteran actress Katharine was the first actress to win four Oscars?
answer: Hepburn (disambiguation)

question: Who won his second Oscar in successive years for Forrest Gump?
answer: Sandra Hanks Benoiton

question: Who won his second Oscar for the role of Raymond in Rain Man?
answer: Dustin L Hoffman

question: In 1997 James Cameron won an Oscar for which blockbuster?
answer: S.S. Titanic

question: Which Nick won an Oscar for The Wrong Trousers?
answer: Park of culture and recreation

question: What is Sean Connery's profession in The Name of the Rose?
answer: Frays

question: In which film did Jodie Foster play FBI agent Clarice Starling?
answer: Silence of the lams

question: Which Julie won an Oscar for Darling in 1965 and was Oscar nominated in 19987 for Afterglow?
answer: Christie

question: Which musical set in gangland New York won 11 Oscars in 1961?
answer: The Sharks (West Side Story)

question: Who did Ali McGraw marry after they had made The Getaway together?
answer: Solar Productions

question: "Who uttered the famous line ""Frankly my dear I don't give a damn?"
answer: ClarkGable

question: Whose voice did Marni Nixon dub in the classic My Fair Lady?
answer: Audrey Hepburn Filmography

question: Who was jailed for her 'obscene' stage play Sex?
answer: Mae West

question: Which 1997 movie equaled Ben Hur's record 11 Oscars?
answer: S.S. Titanic

question: Who won an Oscar wearing an eye patch in True Grit?
answer: Michael Morris (John Wayne)

question: In which film did David Niven play James Bond?
answer: Casino royale

question: Which Emma won an Oscar for her screenplay of Sense and Sensibility?
answer: Thompson

question: Which film with Ralph Fiennes won Anthony Minghella an Oscar?
answer: The English Patient

question: I Could Go on Singing was the last film of which screen legend?
answer: Joey Luft

question: Which British actor's autobiography was called What's It All About?
answer: Micheal Caine

question: Judi Dench won an Oscar as which Queen in Shakespeare in Love?
answer: The Gloriana

question: Who won the Best Actor and Best Director Oscar for Dances With Wolves?
answer: Famous for Killing Each Other: Music from and Inspired By Hatfields & McCoys

question: Which Jessica was the then oldest Oscar winner for Driving Miss Daisy?
answer: Tandy

question: Who was the first actress to receive four Oscars?
answer: Catherine Hepburn

question: In the 70s which gangster film won an Oscar as did its sequel?
answer: The Godfather trilogy

question: Geoffrey Rush won an Oscar for Shine, as what type of musician?
answer: Painoist

question: For which film about a Scottish hero did Mel Gibson win his first Oscars for Best Picture and Best Director?
answer: They may take away our lives, but they'll never take our freedom!

question: Who got her first big break in Grease 2?
answer: Michelle Phifer

question: Who played Charlie Chaplin in Richard Attenborough's 1992 film?
answer: Yucatan (film)

question: Which star of Gypsy and West Side Story married Robert Wagner twice?
answer: Nathalie Wood

question: Which lyricist who has worked with Elton John and Andrew Lloyd Webber won an award for A Whole New World from Aladdin?
answer: Timothy Miles Bindon Rice

question: Raindrops Keep Falling On My Head was an Oscar winner from which movie with Robert Redford & Paul Newman?
answer: Butch Cassidy & the Sundance Kid

question: The multi-Oscar winning The Deer Hunter was about steelworkers who went to fight where?
answer: Độc lập - tự do - hạnh phúc

question: Which red-haired actress had the Margarita cocktail named after her as her real name was Margarita Cansino?
answer: Rita Heyworth

question: Who wrote the lyrics for the song form Notting Hill sung by Elvis Costello?
answer: Herbert Kretzmer

question: In what year does Demolition Man take place?
answer: 2032

question: Who played a character based on Bob Fosse in a 1979 Oscar winning film?
answer: Roy Scheider

question: Where in Europe was much of Evita filmed?
answer: Maďarsko

question: What was the name of the butler in The Rocky Horror Picture Show?
answer: Riffraff

question: What was the real first name of the silent Marx Brother?
answer: Adolf

question: What was Steve Martin's first film?
answer: Navin Johnson

question: Which film tells of the exploits of singer Deco Duffe?
answer: The Commitments (disambiguation)

question: In which category was Mrs. Doubtfire Oscar-nominated?
answer: Best Editing

question: Which musical was Victor Fleming making the same time as he was making Gone With the Wind?
answer: The Wizard of Oz (film)

question: Which Club featured in cabaret?
answer: Kit-Kat

question: """The corn is as high as an elephant's eye is in which musical?"
answer: Okla.

question: What was the name of the orphanage where The Blues Brothers were brought up?
answer: Saint Helen of the Blessed Shroud

question: On which film was Three Men and a Baby based?
answer: Trois Hommes et un Couffin

question: What was Xanadu in the title of the film?
answer: Rollerdisco

question: Whose poems returned to the bestsellers list after Four Weddings and a Funeral?
answer: W.H Auden

question: Who was the voice of O'Malley in The Aristocats?
answer: Phil Harris

question: What was the name of Bob Fosse's character in All That Jazz?
answer: Joe Gideon

question: How old was Macaulay Culkin when he was cast for his role in Home Alone?
answer: 9

question: In which 70s musical did Paul Michael Glaser star?
answer: Fiddler on a Roof

question: "In Private ""Benjamin, what is the name of ""Benjamin's captain?"
answer: Lewis (Isle)

question: How many different hats does Madonna wear in Evita?
answer: 39

question: A Little Night Music was based on which non-musical film?
answer: Sommarnattens leende

question: What was the name of the high school in Porky's?
answer: Angel Beach

question: Who was Louise Lasser's husband when she stared with him in What's Up Tiger Lily?
answer: Allen Stewart Konigsberg

question: What was Tootsie's name before he turned into Tootsie?
answer: Michael Dorsey

question: What was the first sequel to The Pink Panther called?
answer: Shot in the dark

question: Who played the title role in the film version of Jesus Christ Superstar?
answer: Ted Neeley

question: What was the name of the sax player in New York New York who fell for Francine?
answer: Jimmy (film)

question: Who was the leader of the band that appeared in The Brady Bunch Movie?
answer: Davey Jones

question: "In which film was chorus girl Peggy Sawyer told to ""come back a star?"""
answer: 42nd Street (New York City Subway)

question: What are the last lines of My Fair Lady?
answer: Where the devil are my slippers?

question: In The Muppet Movie what was the name of the restaurant Doc Hopper wanted to open?
answer: Frog legs

question: Who directed The Cable Guy?
answer: Benjamin Stiller

question: What type of drug is Sherman Klump trying to perfect in The Nutty Professor?
answer: Weightloss

question: Which First Lady had to give evidence over the Whitewater scandal?
answer: Hillary R. Clinton

question: "About which British politician did Francois Mitterrand say, ""She has the mouth of Marilyn Monroe and the eyes of Caligula?"""
answer: Baroness Margaret Thatcher

question: Nigel Short was the youngest champion in which game in 1984?
answer: Chess match

question: What did Woody Allen call his son as a tribute to Louis 'Satchmo' Armstrong?
answer: School satchel

question: Which princess took out an injunction against a photographer after he tried to take photographs of her?
answer: Diana Princess of Wales

question: In which decade did Berry Gordy set up Tamla Motown?
answer: The Fifties

question: In 1984 how was the baby who received the heart of a baboon known?
answer: Baby Fae

question: What was the name of NATO spokesman in the 1999 Kosovo crisis?
answer: Jamie Shea

question: Which daughter of the last Tsar of Russia was said to have escaped to America?
answer: Anastazja

question: Which soul singer is Whitney Houston's god mother?
answer: Ted White Jr

question: Which Russian-born American wrote I, Robot?
answer: Isaac Asimov complete bibliography

question: In which state were Bonnie & Clyde killed?
answer: Eighteenth State

question: Which Biblical name does Boris Becker's older son have?
answer: Noah (Hebrew Bible)

question: President Kennedy was shot on 22nd November; what day was Lee Harvey Oswald shot?
answer: November 24

question: Who founded General Motors in 1908?
answer: William C Durant

question: Nicoletta Mantovani hit the headlines through her relationship with which big figure in the entertainment world?
answer: Pavrotti

question: What was Clive Sinclair's personal transport vehicle called?
answer: C.V

question: "Who designed Posh ""Spice Victoria Adam's wedding dress?"
answer: Wáng Wēiwei

question: Who is Julian Lennon's step-mother?
answer: Yoko Lennon

question: Which American contralto was the first black singe to appear at the Metropolitan Opera?
answer: 1939 Lincoln Memorial concert

question: Which American was the first ever person to retain an Olympic springboard diving title?
answer: Louganis

question: Which university did Tony Blair and Bill Clinton both attend in their younger days?
answer: Oxford, england

question: What is the name of Paul and Linda McCartney's only son?
answer: James (film)

question: Who won the first men's US Tennis Open, in 1968?
answer: Arthur James Richard Ash

question: Timothy McVeigh was convicted for which bombing?
answer: Okla.

question: Who was Oliver North's secretary during the Irangate scandal?
answer: Fawn Hall

question: Which singer married director Blake Edwards?
answer: Julia Elizabeth Wells

question: "What relation was ""Waldorf Astor, who became a British member of Parliament, to US millionaire John Jacob Astor?"
answer: Grandchildren

question: For which movie did Meryl Streep win her first Oscar?
answer: Kramer v kramer

question: In the 1990s Babrak Karmal and Sultan Ali Keshtmond have been Prime Minister in which country?
answer: Afghanistan

question: Which 60s pop band made an unsuccessful movie called Head?
answer: Monkees, The

question: Who was Anne Sullivan's most famous pupil?
answer: Helen Keller

question: Which actress was voted Miss Burbank 1948?
answer: Debbie Reynolds

question: Which state did Amelia Earhart land in on her first solo Pacific flight?
answer: Taxifornia

question: What is Billy Ocean's real name?
answer: Leslie Charles

question: How was writer William Sydney Porter better known?
answer: O.henry books

question: What was The Zaire River called before 27th October 1971.
answer: African Congo

question: What was the profession of Thomas Eakins?
answer: Photographist

question: Who is credited with the discovery of galaxies outside of our own?
answer: Edwin Hubble

question: Who was the defending champion when Andre Agassi first won Wimbledon singles?
answer: Michael Stich

question: Boukhalef International airport is in which country?
answer: ISO 3166-1:MA

question: What was the 70s No 1 hit for Hamilton, Joe Frank, & Reynolds?
answer: Falling in Love (film)

question: In what year was the Kellogg Company set up to manufacture cornflakes?
answer: 1906

question: Which wartime classic was the title of a 1980 film with Hanna Schygulla & Mel Ferrer?
answer: Lily Marlene

question: Who was the voice of Matt Dillon for 11 years on radio's Gunsmoke?
answer: Bill Conrad

question: Which country does the airline Ladeco come from?
answer: ISO 3166-1:CL

question: Where was the UN Atomic Energy Agency based when it was set up in 1957?
answer: Capital of Austria

question: Oran international airport is in which country?
answer: Popular Democratic Republic of Algeria

question: Where did Johnny Ace die in 1954?
answer: Houstonians

question: Who was the first chemist to be Britain's Prime Minister?
answer: Baroness Margaret Thatcher

question: In which Olympics was taekwondo a demonstration sport?
answer: Seoul 1988

question: What was Jimi Hendrix's middle name?
answer: Marshall

question: Who was buried in Milan under the name of Maria Maggi to discourage grave robbers?
answer: Maria Maggi

question: In which month of the year did Bing Crosby record White Christmas?
answer: ㋄

question: Which country does the airline Transkei Airways come from?
answer: South africa

question: What was the last name of Judy in radio's A Date With Judy series?
answer: Foster (disambiguation)

question: Which hit starting with the word Rock took over NO 1 from Rock The Boat?
answer: Rock Your Baby

question: In the 1940s, the University of North Carolina was founded at Charlotte and where else?
answer: Wilmington (disambiguation)

question: Which country was the first to make catalytic converters compulsory?
answer: ISO 3166-1:CH

question: Christa McAuliffe died in an accident in what type of vehicle in 1986?
answer: SPACE SHUTTLE

question: Who was Benazir Bhutto's Father who was executed in 1988?
answer: Bhutto, Zulfiqar Ali

question: Which form of death penalty was abolished by Francois Mitterrand?
answer: Guillitine

question: Which capital city was the scene of a major summit between Reagan and Gorbachev in 1986?
answer: Nightlife in Reykjavik

question: Which drink did the Coca Cola Company launch in 1982?
answer: Diet Coke (Coca-Cola Light)

question: Which telescope was launched into space on board a space shuttle in 1990?
answer: Hubble Space telescope

question: Jonas Salk developed the Salk vaccine against which disease?
answer: Acute poliomyelitis

question: Which of London's four airports is the only one to be connected to the city Underground system?
answer: Heathrow Airlines

question: Who constructed the world's first laser?
answer: Ted Maiman

question: Which Wisconsin salesman developed a safety razor in 1901?
answer: King Gillette

question: In which country were Daewoo cars originally produced?
answer: Coreanic

question: Which toy company did Ruth and Elliot Handler found?
answer: Mattel Toy Company

question: Which country was the first in the world to introduce a driving test?
answer: La Republique francaise

question: Who launched the short-lived Skytrain air service?
answer: Fred Laker

question: What did Guinness adopt as its trademark in the 60s?
answer: Harpist

question: Which city was the HQ of the European Space program?
answer: Paříž

question: Which Andre built the first factory to mass-produce rubber tires?
answer: Michelin Tire Company

question: Which film actor became mayor of Carmel, California in 1986?
answer: Crint Eastwood

question: Which pop artist died in New York in1987?
answer: Andy Warhaul

question: How did James F Fixx, promoter of jogging for good health, die in 1984?
answer: Heart attack while jogging

question: How was Jean Claude Duvalier known before he ws exiled in 1986?
answer: Jean-Claude Duvalier

question: Where did teenager Matthias Rust land his plane in 1987 much to the surprise of the country's authorities?
answer: ЯЕD SQЦАЯЕ

question: From which UK airport did Virgin Atlantic flights first depart for New York-Newark?
answer: London Gatwick North

question: Great Briton fought which country over the Falkland Islands?
answer: Arxintina

question: Which oil tanker disastrously ran aground off 'Brittany in 1987?
answer: Amoco Cadiz

question: Where did the US side of the Band Aid concert take place?
answer: Philedelphia

question: Natan Sharansky was released from prison in the USSR to begin a new life where?
answer: İsrail

question: Which country celebrated its bicentenary in 1988?
answer: Australia (Commonwealth realm)

question: The mother of which Monkee invented typewriter correction fluid?
answer: Mike Nesmith

question: What type of aircraft is the Hawker Siddley Harrier?
answer: Vertical Takeoff and Landing

question: What does Volkswagen actually mean?
answer: People's car

question: What does the Transalaska Pipeline System transport?
answer: Oily

question: What was the name of the world's first nuclear-powered submarine?
answer: Nautilus

question: Which American company pioneered electric ignition in motor cars?
answer: Cadillick

question: Who invented the world's first photocopier?
answer: Carlson, Chester F

question: Where were the 2002 Winter Olympic Games held?
answer: Salt Lake, Utah

question: "Who wrote the line, ""Do not go gentle into that good night?"
answer: Dillon Thomas

question: What is Jennifer Jason Leigh's real name?
answer: Jennifer Morrow

question: Which musical instrument was found in Bonnie & Clyde's car after they were shot?
answer: Saxamophone

question: Which album was said to have reflected the end of Bob Dylan's marriage?
answer: You're Gonna Make Me Lonesome When You Go

question: What was the only Fleetwood Mac track to top the singles charts in the 70s?
answer: Dream recall

question: Who was the defending champion when Billie Jean King first won Wimbledon singles?
answer: Margaret Smith

question: In which country did Argentina first win soccer's World Cup?
answer: Argentina 1978

question: To the nearest million, what was the population of the USA in 1910?
answer: 92

question: In Chaplin's The Great Dictator, which country did the dictator rule?
answer: Tomania

question: What is Joan Collin's middle name?
answer: Henrietta

question: What was the Aristocrat record label renamed?
answer: Chess match

question: Which President wrote Why England Slept about the rise of Fascism?
answer: JFK

question: Where was the first H bomb exploded in 1952?
answer: Eniwetok Atoll

question: Queen Alia international airport is in which country?
answer: Jordan (country)

question: "Which hairdresser said, """"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary?"""
answer: Vidal sasson

question: Which space probe sent pictures from Mars in 1965?
answer: Mariner4

question: Which villain was played by Burgess Meredith in the 1960s Batman TV series?
answer: Penguin (comics)

question: What was the name of the US army airplane which flew a record 150 hours non-stop in 1929?
answer: Question point

question: In what year did regular Boeing 707 flights begin across he Atlantic?
answer: 1958

question: Who became Queen of the Netherlands in 1980?
answer: Beatrix (disambiguation)

question: How many Billboard solo NO 1's did ex-Beatle Ringo Starr have?
answer: 2

question: In what year did the New York subway open?
answer: 1903

question: Which country does the airline Aero Lloyd come from?
answer: United States of Germany

question: In which decade was the Benjamin Franklin suspension bridge opened?
answer: 1920's

question: How many prisoners were left in Alcatraz just before it closed?
answer: 27

question: What was the name of the first weather satellite?
answer: Tiros

question: Who directed the movie Trading Places?
answer: John Landis

question: Where in Australia was swashbuckling Errol Flynn born?
answer: UN/LOCODE:AUHBA

question: Vehicles from which country use the international registration letters KWT?
answer: ISO 3166-1:KW

question: At what weight did boxer Chris Eubank win the WBO title in 1990?
answer: Middle-weight

question: Who featured with Bobby Brown on the No 1 She Ain't Worth It?
answer: Glenn Medeiros

question: What was Elvis Presley's first album which did not have his name in the title?
answer: King Creole

question: Where was golf's 1977 US Open held?
answer: Tulsa oklahoma

question: Who shared world amateur baseball championship with USA in1973?
answer: Republic of Cuba

question: Who lost the first Super Bowl of the 70s?
answer: Viqueens

question: How many times did the New York Yankees win the World Series in the 1970s?
answer: Twice

question: Which team in the 80s won the Super Bowl by the biggest margin?
answer: Chicago Bears

question: Where did Maurice Green set his 9.79 seconds for the 100m in 1999?
answer: Athina

question: Who won baseball's first World Series of the 50s?
answer: The N. Y. Yankees

question: Who was Jermaine O'Neal playing against when he made his debut in 1996?
answer: Denver Larks

question: Who was the second American to win the Indianapolis 500 four times?
answer: Al Unser Snr

question: Who was the Super Bowl MVP in 1979 and 1980.
answer: Terri bradshaw

question: In 1978 US Masters, who was leading Gary Player by seven strokes, only to lose by a single stroke?
answer: Hubie Green

question: Where were the first World Athletics Championships held?
answer: Helsingfors

question: Which was the first team to win three Super Bowls?
answer: Pittsburgh Reelers

question: Who was the first MVP in a Super Bowl to be on the losing side?
answer: Chuck Howley

question: Who won the Princess Cup in 1997 with Monica Seles?
answer: Ánna Sergéyevna Kúrnikova

question: Which team has not won a World Series since Babe Ruth stopped pitching for them?
answer: Carlos Ahern

question: Who skippered Stars & Stripes in the America's Cup in 1987 and 1988?
answer: Dennis Conner

question: Who did Martina Navratilova beat to win her ninth Wimbledon title?
answer: Zina Garrison-Jackson

question: Who captained the US Ryder Cup team in 1991?
answer: Dave Stockton

question: Which team in the 70s won the Super Bowl by the biggest margin?
answer: Oakland Senors

question: Who was the winner of the last Open at Carnoustie before Paul Lawrie?
answer: Tommy Watson

question: In what years did John Henry win the Arlington Million?
answer: 1981 & 1984

question: Who was the first president of the National Football League?
answer: Jim Thorpe

question: Who rode Affirmed for each race when he won the Triple Crown?
answer: Cauthen, Steve

question: Which team lost the most Super Bowls in the 1970s?
answer: Viqueens

question: Who won the first all American French Open Men's Singles final for almost 40 years in the 90s?
answer: Jim Courier

question: What was the first British-trained horse to run in the Kentucky Derby?
answer: Bold Arrangement

question: In which sport did Eric Navet of France become a 1990 world champion?
answer: Open jumping

question: Who won baseball's first World Series of the 70s?
answer: Orioles Roster

question: What was the original name of the Kansas City Chiefs?
answer: Dallas Texans

question: Who was Super Bowl MVP the year after Joe Namath won it?
answer: Len Dawson

question: In 1952 who was the then oldest boxer to become world champoion?
answer: Arnold Raymond Cream

question: In 1988 who won the tennis Grand Slam and Olympic gold?
answer: Peter Graf

question: How was Walker Smith Robinson better known?
answer: Walker Smith Junior

question: What is the nickname of record-breaking sprinter Maurice Greene?
answer: Maurice green (athlete)

question: Who was the first boxer to twice regain the world heavyweight title?
answer: Float like a butter fly sting like a bee

question: Peter Nichol became the first Brit in 25 years to win the British open in which sport?
answer: Squash (disambiguation)

question: Which Robin was the first yachtsman to sail non-stop around the world?
answer: Knox-Johnson

question: Warren Beatty was offered full college scholarships in which sport?
answer: FOOTBALL

question: Billy Crystal had a full college scholarship in which sport?
answer: Baseball game

question: Who beat Jim Brown's rushing yards total of 12,312 yards in the 1980s?
answer: Walter and Connie Payton Foundation

question: Who fought George Foreman in the Rumble In The Jungle?
answer: Float like a butter fly sting like a bee

question: What was Hank Aaron's first Major League team?
answer: List of Atlanta Braves captains

question: Which country does marathon man Abel Anton come form?
answer: Islands of Spain

question: Which was Hideo Nomo's first US baseball team?
answer: Los Angeles Dodgers

question: With which track and field even was Geoff Capes particularly associated?
answer: Shot (unit)

question: Which country does tennis player Marcelo Rios come from?
answer: ISO 3166-1:CL

question: Where was the Rumble in the Ali v Foreman fight in Zaire in 1974?
answer: जंगल

question: How many people are there in an official tug of war team?
answer: 8

question: In which month is horse racing's Melbourne Cup held?
answer: The month of November

question: The Curragh is in which country?
answer: Irlanda

question: Which country hosts the Belmont and Preakness Stakes?
answer: The United States of America

question: In which decade did Joe Montana retire from football?
answer: Early 90's

question: Which African country does Nick Price come from?
answer: Zimbobwe

question: What position did football great Jim Brown play?
answer: Full Back

question: What is Magic Johnson's real first name?
answer: Earvin

question: In baseball, when a team is pitching how many players do they have on the field?
answer: 9

question: Which golf tournament presents its winner with a green jacket?
answer: Us masters

question: In which jumping event did Carl Lewis win Olympic gold's?
answer: Longjumper

question: In football, what position is WR?
answer: Flanker (American football)

question: The Vince Lombardi Trophy is awarded to winners of what?
answer: Superb owl

question: What was the nationality of the athletes killed at the 1972 Munich Olympics?
answer: Israeli people

question: The Prix du Jockey-Club is held at which race course?
answer: Chantilly (disambiguation)

question: In which decade did the Super Bowl begin?
answer: Sixties Revolution

question: In which country is Flemington park race course?
answer: Melbourne, AU-VIC

question: Who won golf's US Amateur Championship for the first time i n1994?
answer: Eldrick Tont Woods

question: In which sport was Richard Upton found positive in a drugs test in 1998?
answer: Swam

question: Which European won tennis's 1989 Men's Singles at the US Open?
answer: Angela Ermakova

question: In which sport's globalization plan includes the ' Dream Team,' playing in the McDonald's Classic and the Three-on-Three Challenge?
answer: Basketball

question: Which country does boxer Vitali Klitschko come from?
answer: Ukrainian territory

question: In which state did Michael Jordan play college basketball?
answer: N. Carolina

question: With which university did Magic Johnson win the 1979 NCAA title?
answer: Michigan State

question: Who won golf's US Open in 1994 and 1997?
answer: Ernie Els

question: What has been won by Australia II and America 3?
answer: International Cup Race

question: Which university did Cheryl Miller attend?
answer: USC Song Girls

question: At which sport did Keanu Reeves excel while at high school?
answer: Hockey positions

question: In Hockey, who did Maurice Rocket Richard play for?
answer: Le Club de hockey Canadien

question: Golf star Vijay Singh comes form where?
answer: Fiji Islands

question: Kirk Douglas supplemented his acting earnings in his early years as what type of professional sportsman?
answer: Wrestlers

question: """The early days of which sport featured the Renshaw twins, the Baddeley twins and the Doherty brothers?"
answer: Lawn tennis

question: Who was known as the Manassa Mauler?
answer: William Harrison Dempsey

question: Arturo Marino Benitez international airport is in which country?
answer: ISO 3166-1:CL

question: What was Jane Russell's real first name?
answer: Ernestine

question: The Fabulous Cullinan diamond was cut into how many separate gems?
answer: one hundred and five

question: Which singer-songwriter was born on the same day as actor Billy Dee Williams?
answer: Merle Haggard & the Strangers

question: John and Mary Evans of Alaska grew the world's biggest what?
answer: Brocolli

question: Where is the University of New Hampshire located?
answer: Durham (disambiguation)

question: What is the biggest studio in Hollywood called?
answer: Universal City

question: Who was the first person to win the Indianapolis 500 six times?
answer: Al Unser Snr

question: Gunn-toting Wyatt Earp survived to what age?
answer: 80

question: Which sporting world championship has been held at the Kuusinski and Kitka Rivers in Finland?
answer: Wolley bugger

question: Which country does the airline Tower Air come from?
answer: The United States of America

question: In which country is the Bendorf bridge?
answer: United States of Germany

question: Which pop singer blamed his cocaine addiction of the break0-up of his relationship with Victoria principal?
answer: Andy Gibb

question: Who had a 70s No 1 hit with The Night Chicago Died?
answer: Paper Lace

question: What was Bob Hoskins' profession when he worked in the circus?
answer: Fire-eater

question: Which state was Peggy Lee born in?
answer: N Dakota

question: Who was the last man to win Wimbledon and the French open singles in the same year?
answer: Björn Borg

question: Who directed the movie The Blues Brothers?
answer: John Landis

question: In which country did the first Mickey Mouse comic appear?
answer: Environment of Italy

question: What was the name of the island off Iceland which appeared in 1963 as a result of an underwater volcano?
answer: Surtsey

question: Which band has featured Gregg Rolie, David Brown and Autlan de Bavarro?
answer: Santana (disambiguation)

question: Which US soap actress's real name is Patsy Mclenny?
answer: Morgan Fairchild

question: In which state is the Creighton University?
answer: Education in Nebraska

question: In England, who was Princess Diana referring to when she said her marriage was ' a bit crowded?'
answer: Camilla Windsor

question: What is Brad Pitt's real first name?
answer: William

question: Which label was responsible for John Lennon's final album made in his lifetime?
answer: Geffen (disambiguation)

question: What was Elton John's first album to enter the US charts at No 1?
answer: Captain Fantastic and the Brown Dirt Cowboy

question: In which state was Quincy Jones born?
answer: Transportation in Illinois

question: Which country does the airline Norontair come form?
answer: Canada

question: Which incident escalated US involvement in Vietnam?
answer: Tonkin Gulf incident

question: What was Michael Jackson's last UK No 1 of the 80s?
answer: Todo Mi Amor Eres Tu

question: What are the international registration letters of a vehicle from Tanzania?
answer: EAT

question: The world's biggest what was made in Seymour, Wisconsin in August 1989?
answer: Hamburgers (food)

question: Who designed the New York pink skyscraper with the Chippendale-style cabinet top?
answer: Philip Cortelyou Johnson

question: Who was the original host of The Price Is Right?
answer: William Lawrence Cullen

question: Which member of the Maverick clan was played by a future 007?
answer: Beau (Roger Moore)

question: What did the Inspector have on his car sticker in Sledge Hammer?
answer: I Love Violence

question: Who hosted the early series of The Pink Panther cartoons?
answer: Lenny Schulz

question: Pee Wee Herman made his TV debut on which show?
answer: Extreme Gong

question: In Makin' It, who was the John Travolta-type character?
answer: Billy Manucci

question: Which Hollywood star starred in the 50s show My Three Sons?
answer: Fred McMurray

question: The actor who played Jack Geller in Friends was married once to which superstar?
answer: Elliott Gould married Barbra Streisand

question: Who guested in Happy Days where his daughter was playing Jenny Piccalo?
answer: Phil Silvers

question: The Flying Nun was based on which book?
answer: Fifteenth Pelican

question: The older Smothers Brother played what musical instrument?
answer: Saddle (guitar)

question: In the TV sitcom Adam's Rib, who played the Spencer Tracy Film role?
answer: Ken Howard

question: What was the first sitcom where Mickey Rooney was not called Mickey?
answer: One of the Boys

question: Which character did Tom Hanks play in early episodes of Family Ties?
answer: Ned Keaton

question: "Before it was made famous by Pigmeat of Rowan and Martin's Laugh In fame, who first said, ""Here comes the judge""?"
answer: Sammy Davis, Jr.

question: Which member of The A Team played Clubber Lang in Rocky III?
answer: Tero, Lawrence

question: Peter Faulk received his first Emmy for a performance on which show?
answer: Dick Powell Show

question: In Top Cat, who was the voice of Choo Choo?
answer: Marvin Kaplan

question: Who played Leroy Johnson in the movie Fame and on TV?
answer: Gene A. Ray

question: "Who did Mrs. Thatcher describe as ""a man we can do business with?"""
answer: M. Gorbachev

question: How is Tenzin Gyatso better known?
answer: Dalai-lama

question: How was Nguyen that Tan better known?
answer: Ho chi mihn

question: Who did the Americans recognize as ruler of Vietnam in 1950 when the Soviets acknowledged Ho Chi Min?
answer: Vĩnh Thụy Nguyễn Phúc

question: Who was the defeated Presidential candidate in the 1900 US election?
answer: William Jennings Bryant

question: Who was the first leader of the Belgian Congo?
answer: Lumumba

question: Who was Greece's first socialist Prime Minister?
answer: Papandreou

question: Who was Pope during World War II?
answer: Pope Puis XII

question: Who was the youngest US Vice President of the 20th century?
answer: I'm not a crook

question: Who was mayor of New York during the race riots of 1996?
answer: John Lindsay

question: Who formulated his Sinatra Doctrine - Foreign policy to be constructed on a My Way basis?
answer: Eduard Amvrosievich Shevardnadze

question: Vaclav Havel and British King George VI both lost what part of their bodies?
answer: Pulmonary surgical procedures

question: Who was Oliver North's immediate boss who admitted authori8zing funding the Contra rebels in Nicaragua?
answer: John M. Poindexter

question: Which ex-president died shortly after he death of Harry S. Truman?
answer: Rebekah Baines

question: Who was the first Democrat President of the 20th century?
answer: Thomas W. Wilson

question: Who was North Vietnam's chief negotiator at the '73 Paris peace talks?
answer: Lê Ðức Thọ

question: Who was the first president to be elected for a third four-year term?
answer: Franklin D. Roosevelt

question: Which Secretary of State under Truman helped formulate the Marshall Plan?
answer: Acheson, Dean Gooderham

question: Senator Joe McCarthly representred which state?
answer: Badger State

question: Who did Roosevelt defeat when he won the 1932 election?
answer: Presidency of Herbert Hoover

question: Which President gave the go-ahead to build an H Bomb?
answer: Truman (disambiguation)

question: Who was the oldest US President before Ronal Reagan?
answer: Eisenhower Dwight

question: Dan Quayle was Senator form which state when he was chosen as George Bush's Vice President?
answer: Indiana, United States

question: Where did Reagan and Gorbachev have their Star Wars summit in October 19865?
answer: IJsland

question: Who was Walter Mondale's running mate in the 1984 election?
answer: Geraldine A. Ferraro

question: What was Ronald Reagan's last movie?
answer: Genius Sex Poets

question: Who was Ronald Regan's first Secretary of State?
answer: Alexander M. Haig Jr.

question: How many 'points for peace' did President Wilson announce in 1918?
answer: fourteen

question: In which US state were the last summer Olympics of the century held?
answer: Western Georgia

question: Who inflicted Nigel Benn's first defeat as a professional?
answer: Chris Eubanks

question: Which movie star was an Austrian Junior Olympic Weightlifting Champion?
answer: Arnold Schwartzennegger

question: Who was non-playing captain of the US Davis Cup team in '81 and '82?
answer: Arthur James Richard Ash

question: In which sport did Andy Thomson become a world champion?
answer: Crown-green bowls

question: Which legendary American golfer played his last British Open in 1995?
answer: Arnie palmer

question: In which decade did Martina Navratilova take US citizenship?
answer: The Eighties

question: "How was Mildred ""Didrikson better known?"
answer: Mildred Ella Didrikson Zaharias

question: Who beat Carl Lewis's best time of 9.86 seconds for the 100 meters?
answer: Leroy Burrell

question: Who won a record ninth Wimbledon singles title in 1990?
answer: Martina Navaratilova

question: On which course does the Kentucky Derby take place?
answer: Churchill Downs Racetrack

question: Which American was the youngest male Olympic gold medalist when he won in 1948?
answer: Bob Matthias

question: In women's field hockey, which country has won the most World Cups?
answer: NETHERLANDS

question: Name France's last Wimbledon men's singles winner of this century.
answer: Yvon Petra

question: Who was the oldest US Open golf champion of the 20th century?
answer: Hale Irwin

question: Who did Hubert Green beat to win the US PGA Championship in 1985?
answer: Lee Treviño

question: Who devised the Breeder's Cup?
answer: Gaines, John

question: Which team lost the first Super Bowl of the 1980s?
answer: Los Angeles Rams

question: Which was the last horse before Nijinsky to win the English Triple Crown of 2000 Guineas, Epsom Derby and St. Leger?
answer: Bahram

question: Which team won baseball's first World Series of the 60s?
answer: Pittsburgh Pirates roster

question: Who was the first woman tennis player born in the US to win the US Open after Chris Evert's 1984 triumph?
answer: Lindsey davenport

question: Which Bond movie used Stoke Poges golf club for some location shots?
answer: Goldfinger (disambiguation)

question: How many races did Ed Moses win in succession between '77 and '87?
answer: 122

question: What distance is the Breeders' Cup Sprint?
answer: Six furlongs

question: Which team won the most Super Bowls in the 1980s?
answer: 49er Empire

question: Anton Geesink was the first non-Japanese judoka to win a judo world championship, but which country did he come from?
answer: NETHERLANDS

question: Who was the defending champion when Chris Evert first won Wimbledon singles?
answer: Billie Jean Moffit

question: Who was Super Bowl MVP in successive years in 1967 and 1968?
answer: Bart Star

question: Who won the most men's US Open tennis titles in the 20th century?
answer: William T. Tilden

question: Pong was an early console type of game based on which sport?
answer: Ping-pang Ch'iu

question: In which decade of this century were airmail letters first carried?
answer: 2nd decade

question: How many bits are there in a byte?
answer: 8

question: Alta Vista is a type of what?
answer: Search Results

question: Barclay Square was an early Internet site offering what?
answer: Window shop

question: What is a message sent to a newsgroup in the Internet called?|
answer: Articles

question: A bitmap is a collection of what?
answer: Dots

question: If edu appears at the end of an address, what is the host computer?
answer: College or University

question: What was the name of the first satellite to relay live TV pictures between the USA and Europe?
answer: Telstar 11N

question: If you surf the Internet, what do you do?
answer: Look around

question: Which page of a Web site is called a Home Page?
answer: First (track)

question: In addition to the computer, what else must a modem be plugged into?
answer: ℡

question: What does Q mean in FAQ?
answer: Questionableness

question: What letter appears on the computer screen when you are using Microsoft Internet Explorer?
answer: ⒠

question: Which name of something used by avid readers is the Netscape Navigator name for Favorites?
answer: Bookmarked

question: A small a in a circle is pronounced how?
answer: At.

question: Where does a bounced email return to?
answer: Sender

question: What name is given to the software program needed to access the Web?
answer: Browsers

question: What goes after Netscape in the name of a popular Internet browser?
answer: Navigators

question: If you have an active Internet connection, you are said to be on what?
answer: On Line

question: A newbie is a new what?
answer: Internet disruption

question: In an e mail address, how is a symbol like a period said out loud?
answer: Dot punctuation

question: What name is given to a program designed to cause damage by attaching itself to other programs?
answer: Non-enveloped virus

question: Which cartoons are associated with Kim Casalli?
answer: Love Is (album)

question: Where was William Kellogg working when he decided to sell cornflakes?
answer: Medieval hospital

question: What is Dionne Warwick's real first name?
answer: MARIE

question: What's the first word of Richard Marx's Right Here Waiting For You?
answer: Extraterrestial Oceans

question: "Who described a Hollywood studio set as, ""The biggest train set a boy ever had?"""
answer: List of awards and nominations received by Orson Welles

question: On which special day did Charlie Chaplin die in 1977?
answer: Orthodox Christmas

question: In Mork and Mindy, what was the Orkan phrase for 'Goodbye'?
answer: Shazbot!

question: Amilcar Cabral international airport is in which country?
answer: Cape Verdian

question: In 1993, Michael Jackson give his first TV interview in 14 years with which talk show presenter?
answer: Oprah

question: What was the last top ten hit for Connie Francis?
answer: Vacation

question: Where is the University of Delaware located?
answer: Newark

question: Which composer was born on exactly the same day as TV evangelist Pat Robertson?
answer: Joshua Sondheim

question: Who was the last undisputed boxing world heavyweight champion before Mike Tyson?
answer: Leon Spinks

question: Which country's invasion of Ethiopia in 1935 forced Haile Selassie to flee?
answer: Environment of Italy

question: Who directed the 1951 classic movie The Day The Earth Stood Still?
answer: Robert Earl Wise

question: Who wrote the novel The Left Hand Of Darkness?
answer: Ursula K Leguin

question: What is Neil Simon's real first name?
answer: Marvin

question: Augusto C Sandino international airport is in which country?
answer: Nicarugua

question: What was the second Oscar Hammerstein show to win the Pulitzer Prize?
answer: South Pacific (disambiguation)

question: Lionel Hampton played on which band until forming his own in1941?
answer: Benny Goodman Band

question: In what year was indoor handball introduced as an Olympic event for men?
answer: one thousand, nine hundred and seventy-two

question: Which country does the airline Air Littoral come from?
answer: La Republique francaise

question: In which country was Emilio Estevez born?
answer: The United States of America

question: Which brand had to apologize for a logo said to be like the Arabic for Allah?
answer: Nike (disambiguation)

question: What was the Blue Swede's only No 1 hit?
answer: Hooked On A Feeling

question: New York-born Sir Jacob Epstein worked in which branch of the arts?
answer: Sculptress

question: What year was the centenary of Colorado joining the Union?
answer: 1976

question: How old was Dodi Fayed at the time of his death in 1997?
answer: forty-two

question: In which country is the Angostura bridge?
answer: ISO 3166-1:VE

question: What is Elle Macpherson's real name?
answer: Elle Mcpherson

question: Which instrument is associated with Lester 'Prez' Young?
answer: Saxamophone

question: Which criminal was set up by the Lady In Red?
answer: Dillinger Gang

question: Who penned Kenny Rogers' No 1 hit Lady?
answer: Lionel Ritchie

question: Who had a 50s No 1 with Heartaches By The Number?
answer: Al Cernick

question: In which country was power seized in the 70s by the Gang of Four?
answer: Chinese People's Republic

question: At which sport did Jonah Barrington win international success?
answer: Squash (disambiguation)

question: What was the nationality of composer Aaron Copland?
answer: Amiercan

question: What was the occupation of Edith Cavell who was shot by the Germans in WWI?
answer: Nurxing

question: How did Satyajit Ray achieve fame?
answer: Film directing

question: Who had a 1980s No 1 hit with Don't You (Forget About Me)?
answer: Mark Taylor (Simple Minds)

question: Which Japanese company bought CBS records in 1988?
answer: Tokyo Tsushin Kogyo

question: How many of Mark Spitz's Olympic golds were for solo events?
answer: Four

question: Who made the album Honky Tonk Angels with Dolly Parton and Tammy Wynette?
answer: Loretta Lynn Plantation House

question: How many Nobel prizes did Marie curie win?
answer: 2

question: In which country is the deepwater port of Belem?
answer: Brazil

question: In which country was Danny De Vito born?
answer: The United States of America

question: The Chinook blows down which mountains?
answer: Rocky mountains

question: In which country was Michael J. Fox born?
answer: Canada

question: To the nearest million, how mjch did Heavan's Gate lose for United Artists?
answer: 30

question: From which show does Love Changes Everything come from?
answer: Aspects Of Love

question: Under which name did Leonard Slye ride across the silver screen?
answer: Roy rogers

question: Who directed The Deer Hunter?
answer: Michael Cimino

question: What color is Laa Laa of the Teletulbbies?
answer: Yellowest

question: Who was the most recent Democrat before Clinton to be reelected for a second term as US President?
answer: Roosevlet

question: For what did Georgie O'Keefe become famous?
answer: Paintism

question: A-Ha sang the title song for which Bond film?
answer: Kamran Shah

question: Which Russian writer wrote Cancer Ward?
answer: Solzhenytzin

question: Which summer month is the title of an album by Eric Clapton?
answer: Ogos

question: In the Simpsons, which Hollywood superstar provided Maggie's first word?
answer: Dame Elizbeth Taylor

question: Which writer came up with Catch 22 in the 60s?
answer: Heller, Joseph

question: Bourgas international airport is in which country?
answer: Balgariya

question: Who did Pope John Paul II succeed as Pope?
answer: Albino Luciani

question: "Who described his paintings as ""hand-painted dream photographs?"""
answer: Salvador Felipe Jacinto DalA

question: What was the full first name of the President who gave his name to Teddy Bears?
answer: Theodoros

question: Donald Woods escaped from where in 1979, later the subject of the film Cry Freedom?
answer: South africa

question: Which Austrian wrote The Psychopathology of Everyday Life?
answer: Zigi Frojd

question: Which Chinese leader's widow was arrested for trying to overthrow the government in the 19780s?
answer: Mao Ze-dong

question: "Who said, ""Some women get excited about nothing-- and then they marry him?"
answer: Cher (singer)

question: Who is the famous mother of Elijah Blue?
answer: Cher (singer)

question: What was the occupation of Roger Moore's father?
answer: Police agent

question: Picasso moved to Paris in 1901 but where was he born?
answer: Islands of Spain

question: Which US President went to the same London university as Mick Jagger?
answer: JFK

question: Who published the General Theory of Relativity in 1915?
answer: Albert Enstien

question: In 1968 the Oscars were postponed for 48 hours because of whose death?
answer: The Reverend Doctor Martin Luther King, Junior

question: Who replaced Mary Robinson as president of Ireland in 1997?
answer: Mary Macaleese

question: What breed of dog was Barry Manilow's Bagel?
answer: Beagel

question: How old was Douglas Fairbanks when he married 23-year-old Joan Crawford?
answer: 19

question: "Who said, ""The only placed a man wants depth in a woman is in her decolletage?"""
answer: Sza Sza Gabor

question: Which future President made the famous Checkers Speech in 1952?
answer: I'm not a crook

question: Who succeeded Lal Bahadur Shasrtri as Prime Minister of India?
answer: Gandhi, Indira

question: Which Russian imposed a reign of terror during the 30s and 40s?
answer: Josif Djugashvili

question: In the 60s Queen Elizabeth II dedicated an acre of ground in memory of which American?
answer: JFK

question: Who led India to overthrow British rule by non-violent means?
answer: Little brown saint

question: In which Sydney cathedral sis Michael Hutchence's funeral take place?
answer: Santa Andrea

question: Who's best-known stage role was as Regina in The Little Foxes?
answer: Tallulah Banlchead

question: Who became chief designer at Givenchy in 1996?
answer: Alexander McQueen

question: By 1999 how may times had Jane Fonda been Oscar nominated?
answer: Seven

question: Which former central American dictator was born on exactly the same day as singer Gene Vincent?
answer: Manuel Antonio Noriega Moreno

question: Which kidnap victim was involved in a bank raid, brandishing a gun?
answer: Patricia Hearst

question: Who was the only 20th century President to get stuck in the White House bath tub as he was so big?
answer: W.H. Taft

question: Who led a government in Italy in the 20s and later became its dictator?>
answer: Moussolini

question: Who was Axle Rose's famous singer father-in-law?
answer: Isaac Donald Everly

question: Richard Gere won a scholarship to the University of Massachusetts in which sport?
answer: Freestyle gymnastics

question: "Which 70s US President said, ""I know I'm getting better at golf because I'm hitting fewer spectators?"
answer: President Gerald R. Ford

question: Which golfer announced he was leaving his wife and three children for Brenna Cepalak in 1996?
answer: Faldo Series

question: Madeleine Gurdon is the third wife of which millionaire?
answer: Andrew Lloyd Weber

question: Who led Argentina through most of the 1990s?
answer: Carlos Menem

question: What relation was Henry Ford II to Henry Ford?
answer: Grandchildren

question: Which world leader married Graca Machel in 1998?
answer: Nelson Mendella

question: What is the first name of Charles' brother of Saatchi & Saatchi?
answer: Maurice (disambiguation)

question: Salvador Allende was elected president of which country in 1970?
answer: ISO 3166-1:CL

question: Fitness trainer Carlos Leon was the father of which singer/actress's child?
answer: Madonna

question: What was the profession of President Jean Bertrand Aristide of Haiti?
answer: Priest (religion)

question: What was the name of Frank Sinatra's last wife?
answer: Barbara (film)

question: Who did Idi Amin depose in 1971?
answer: Apollo Milton Obote

question: Hafez al Assad was the first democratically elected President of which country?
answer: الجمهورية العربية السورية

question: Which Russian leader was buried in 1998 in his family's vault?
answer: Nicholas ii

question: Who was Britain's last Prime Minister of the 20th century?
answer: Rt Hon Anthony Blair MP

question: In which North African country was Yves St. Laurent born as Henri Donat Mathieu?
answer: Popular Democratic Republic of Algeria

question: Which Yuri was president of the USSR for two years after heading the KGB for 15 years?
answer: Yuri V. Andropov

question: What is Madonna's daughter called?
answer: Madonna (actress)

question: Who replaced King Hussein as King of Jordan?
answer: Abdullah

question: Which child of Princess Grace of Monaco competed in the 1988 Olympics?
answer: Prince Consort Albert

question: Which British Prime Minister signed the Anglo-Irish Agreement in 1985?
answer: Baroness Margaret Thatcher

question: Who presented the first Oscars?
answer: Douglas Fairbanks, Sr

question: "Michel Aoun led which then unsettled Middle ""Eastern country form 1988-1990?"
answer: Lebanese Republic

question: On whose show did Elvis Presley appear when 82% of the TV audience tuned in?
answer: Ed V. Sullivan

question: "Who with Arafat and ""Rabin received the Nobel Peace prize in 1994?"
answer: Peres

question: Which movie was Clark Gable making when he died?
answer: Misfits (disambiguation)

question: Which French Prime Minister's funeral was attended by his wife and his mistress in 1996?
answer: Francois Maurice Adrien Marie Mitterrand

question: Which multi-million-dollar sport is Bernie Ecclestone associated with?
answer: Motor-racing

question: "Who succeeded ""Anwar Sadat as President of Egypt?"
answer: President Mubarak

question: Which movie star married jockey Robyn Smith in 1980?
answer: Fred Astair

question: How old was Orson Welles when he made Citizen Kane?
answer: 25

question: In 1996 who did The Spice Girls say was their Girl Power role model?
answer: Baroness Margaret Thatcher

question: Which South African President repealed key parts of apartheid law in 1991?
answer: Frederik W. De Klerk

question: I'm Gonna Wash That Man Right Out of My Hair came from which show?
answer: South Pacific (disambiguation)

question: Who wrote the words for My Fair Lady and Camelot?
answer: Alan Jay Lerner

question: Which musical was a reworking of Puccini's Madame Butterfly?
answer: Miss Saigon

question: Which sweet musical had the show-stopper Rhythm of Life?
answer: Sweet Charity

question: In which country was Frederick Loewe born?
answer: The Republic of Austria

question: The King in the King and I is ruler of where?
answer: Muang Thai

question: Which show about Danny and Sandy was made into a film with John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John.
answer: Grease (album)

question: In which country was A Little Night Music set?
answer: Swedish sin

question: Which show was based on the autobiography of Gypsy Rose Lee?
answer: Rrom

question: Aspects of what was a success by Andrew Lloyd Webber?
answer: Idealized love

question: Which show tells the tale of Dolly Gallagher Levi?
answer: Hello, Dolly! (disambiguation)

question: What type of shop was the Little Shop of Horrors?
answer: Wet floral foam

question: Which show was based on Miguel de Cervantes' Don Quixote?
answer: Man of La Mancha

question: Which musical was based on the life of Annie Oakley?
answer: Annie Get Your Gun

question: What was the name of the first hippie musical?
answer: Hair bud

question: Which show does I Don't Know How To Love Him come from?
answer: Jesus Christ Superstar

question: Which show, starring Robert Preston and Barbara Cook on Broadway?
answer: Gary, Indiana (song)

question: Which show, which opened in the 40s, takes it's name from a fairground attraction?
answer: Carousels

question: What was Jesus Christ according to the Rice / Lloyd Webber show?
answer: Superstar

question: Which Line was the longest running musical in Broadway history?
answer: Gimme The Ball

question: Which American city saw the premiere of Sunset Boulevard?
answer: City of Los Angeles, California

question: Which ground-breaking American musical was based on the book Green Grow The Lilacs?
answer: Okla.

question: Which Lloyd Webber musical was billed as 'Now and forever'?
answer: Housecat

question: What did the Little Shop hold in the movie which premiered in 1982?
answer: Horrors

question: Which star Fred starred in vaudeville with his sister Adele?
answer: Astaire

question: On whose fable was Guys and Dolls based?
answer: Runyonesque

question: Which show featured Hernando's Hideaway and Hey There?
answer: The Pajama Game

question: Where was the Best Little Whorehouse according to the musical title?
answer: Texas (U.S. State)

question: Which musical featured the songs A Secretary is Not A Toy, and The Company Way?
answer: How To Succeed in Business Without Really Trying

question: Which Fanny was the subject of Funny Girl?
answer: Brice (disambiguation)

question: Who was the first American actress to have a principal role with the Royal Shakespeare Company, in Les Miserable's?
answer: Patti Lu Pone

question: Which musical was Lerner and Loewe's last major success, in 1960?
answer: Camelot

question: Which 90s revival hit shares its name with a gangster city?
answer: Chi-Beria

question: Which musical about King Arthur became a byword for the JFK years?
answer: Camelot

question: Annie Warbucks was the sequel to which one-word-titled musical?
answer: Annie (film)

question: In which city is the Glynn Vivian Art Gallery and Museum?
answer: ISO 3166-2:GB-SWA

question: What is the second largest of the Ionian Islands?
answer: Corcyra

question: "What color did Air France repaint some ""Concorde jets to advertize Pepsi?"
answer: Blue

question: In 1998 a new breed of mosquito was discovered on which underground system?
answer: London (UK)

question: "Which city did Truman Capote describe as ""eating an entire box of chocolate liqueurs in one go?"""
answer: Sestiere (Venice)

question: How is the Eurotunnel also known?
answer: Early Conceptions of the Channel Tunnel

question: Which British monarch popularized the Homgburg which came from the German town of the same name?
answer: Eduard VII

question: Where is the French terminus for the Hoverspeed service?
answer: Boulogne sur Mer

question: In which country was the Angel of the North erected in 1998?
answer: Englnad

question: What is Switzerland's largest City?
answer: Zurcher

question: Which city was the cultural capital of Europe in 1990?
answer: The West End of Glasgow, Glasgow, United Kingdom

question: In which European country did Spice Girl Victoria Adams marry?
answer: Irlanda

question: What name is given to the popular holiday area between Marseille and La Spezia?
answer: The Riviera

question: What is the oldest university in Northern Ireland called -- founded in 1908?
answer: Queen's University (Kingston)

question: Which British architect was responsible with Renzo Piano for the Famous Pompidou Centre in Paris?
answer: Richard George Rogers

question: In Which European city would you go to the Bardini Museum and the Bargello Museum?
answer: UN/LOCODE:ITFLR

question: Inishmor is part of which island group?
answer: Aran (disambiguation)

question: What is the name of the lake which remained when the Zuider Zee was closed and reclaimed in 1932?
answer: IJselmeer

question: Syracuse is part of New York, but where does it exist in Europe?
answer: Trinacrian

question: Sullom Voe is famous for exporting which commodity?
answer: Oily

question: In which European city is the Atomium?
answer: Bruselas

question: How are Belgian World Airlines also known?
answer: Sadena

question: Which tourist islands include the lesser known Majorca and Minorca?
answer: Baleares Province

question: Which country lies to the north of Austria and to the south of Poland?
answer: 4esko

question: Which European cou8ntry was first this century to give women the vote?
answer: FinlanD

question: Where is the Optimisticeskaja Cave, the second longest in the world?
answer: Ukrainian territory

question: What is Europe's second largest city in terms of population?
answer: London (UK)

question: How many independent 'Baltic states' are there?
answer: 3

question: Which winter sports venue, home of the Cresta Run, has hosted two Olympic Games in the 20th century?
answer: St. Moritz (Graubünden)

question: What is farther north Hungary, or Bulgaria?
answer: Maďarsko

question: What is Ireland's longest river and greatest source of electric power?
answer: Shannon (disambiguation)

question: "How many countries does the river ""Danube pass through?"
answer: Seven

question: Where would you spend stotinki?
answer: Balgariya

question: Which European country saw one of the major avalanches of the 20th century in December 1916?
answer: Environment of Italy

question: When did Euro Disney, now Disneyland Paris, open?
answer: 1992

question: The Simpleton Tunnel links Italy with which country?
answer: ISO 3166-1:CH

question: On which sea does Croatia stand?
answer: Adriatic sea

question: What is the longest river in Portugal, and the fifth longest in Europe?
answer: Rio Texo

question: Which French phrase described an innovative movement in the cinema?
answer: La Nouvelle Vague

question: Which actress is ex-beauty queen Miss Orange County 1976?
answer: Michelle Phifer

question: Which actor became playwright Arthur Miller's son-in-law in 1997?
answer: Daniel Day Lewis

question: Which actress perished in the shower in the remake of Psycho?
answer: Anne Celeste Heche

question: Who first coined the term cybernetics?
answer: N. Wiener

question: Who played Tarzan in the first two Tarzan films?
answer: Otto Elmo Linkenhelter

question: Which film director was Anthony Quinn's father-in-law?
answer: C.B. de Mille

question: "Who said, ""I squint because I can't take too much light?"""
answer: Crint Eastwood

question: Who wrote the screenplay for The Crying Game?
answer: Neil Jordan

question: Who was the senior US diplomat held in the US Embassy in Tehran?
answer: Bruce Laingen

question: Who was the first freely elected Marxist president in Latin America?
answer: Allende

question: Who was the first American to win the Nobel Prize for Literature?
answer: (Harry) Sinclair Lewis

question: Who was the first black student at the University of Alabama?
answer: Autherine Lucy

question: Who invented the liquid fuel powered rocket?
answer: Robert Hutchins Goddard

question: Who was Geena Davis's husband when they made the loss-maker Cutthroat Island?
answer: Lauri Harjola

question: Which novelist appeared in the film Day For Night?
answer: Greeneland

question: In 1993 who tried to buy the rights of his first movie Sizzle Beach USA?
answer: Famous for Killing Each Other: Music from and Inspired By Hatfields & McCoys

question: What is Barbra Streisand's middle name?
answer: Joanie

question: Who was William Taft's Vice President between 1909 and 1912?
answer: James s sherman

question: "Who said, ""How can you rule a country which produces 246 different kinds of cheese?"
answer: Charles de Galle

question: Who invented the Polaroid camera?
answer: Edwin Land

question: How many films had Christopher Reeve made before Superman in 1978?
answer: 1

question: Who owned the LA nightclub The Viper Room at the time of River Phoenix's death there in 1993?
answer: Johnny deep

question: Who starred in Roger Vadim's remake of And God Crated Woman?
answer: Rebecca De Mornay

question: "Who was described by co star Nick Nolte as, ""...a ball buster. Protect me from her?"""
answer: Barbra Joan Streisand

question: Who were the first two men to drive on the Moon?
answer: David Scott and James Irwin

question: Who in 1996 made the longest spaceflight by a woman?
answer: Shanon Lucid

question: Who won the first of his Nobel prizes in 1956 for research which led to the invention of the transistor?
answer: John Bardeen

question: Which electrical engineer invented the triode valve in 1907?
answer: Lee Deforest

question: Who performed the first artificial heart transplant?
answer: William deVries

question: In which movie did Bogart have his first gangster part?
answer: The Petrified Forest

question: Which film maker's first film was Pather Panchali?
answer: Ray, Satyajit

question: Which actress was Roger Moor's first Bond girl?
answer: Jane Seymour

question: Who designed the Geodesic Dome in the US Pavilion at the 1967 Montréal's World's Fair exhibition?
answer: BUCKY function

question: Who was the top star at the US box office in 1935?
answer: Shirley Temple Black

question: How is Paul Reubens also known in the film and TV world?
answer: Peewee Herman

question: Who founded the magazine Camera Work?
answer: Steiglitz, Alfred

question: How long is Indianapolis's most famous motor race?
answer: Railroaders Lament

question: Who was the first female to have three consectu8ive US No 1 albums?
answer: Donna Sommer

question: Which detective lived on a boat called St Vitus Dance?
answer: Crockett

question: On which river was the Grand Coulee built?
answer: Columbia

question: In which decade of the 20th century was Brad Pitt born?
answer: Sixties Revolution

question: Who had an 80s No 1 with Like A Prayer?
answer: Madonna

question: In which decade was Ewan McGregor born?
answer: 1970s (decade)

question: Who produced the first jumbo jet in 1975?
answer: Boeing Aircraft of Canada

question: Who had an 80s No 1 with Let's Hear It For The Boy?
answer: Deniece Williams

question: Where in America is the Rockefeller University?
answer: New Yourk State

question: In professional football, which state do the Cardinals call home?
answer: Sports in Arizona

question: Which musical instrument did Stan Getz play?
answer: Tenor saxophone

question: Which musical featured the song Tonight?
answer: The Sharks (West Side Story)

question: What kind of orchard did Chekhov write a play about?
answer: Cherry tree

question: Who had an 80s No 1 hit with Jack & Diane?
answer: John Cougar

question: Truman Capote wrote about Breakfast at which place?
answer: Tiffany’s

question: On a computer keyboard which letter on the same line is immediately right of the O?
answer: Ⓟ

question: Abyssinia has become known as what?
answer: Ethiopean

question: In which decade of the 20th century was Anne Archer born?
answer: The Forties

question: Cass Gilbert was the major developer of what type of building?
answer: Sky-scraper

question: In which state was Madonna born?
answer: Demographics of Michigan

question: In comic books, who featured with Sugar?
answer: Spike (character)

question: Who became speaker of the house of representatives in 1995?
answer: Newt Leroy McPherson

question: John Glenn became Senator for which state?
answer: State of Ohio

question: The Battle Of New Orleans was a big No 1 for which singer?
answer: Johnny Horton (singer)

question: What are the international registration letters of a vehicle from Mexico?
answer: MEX

question: In which cop series did Phil Collins appear as Phil the Shill?
answer: Miami Vice DVD releases

question: "Which US singer said, ""You're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on?"""
answer: Dino Paul Crocetti

question: What is the name of the main space exploration center in Florida?
answer: Cape Canaveral (place)

question: The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face was featured in which Clint Eastwood film?
answer: Play Misty for Me

question: In which decade of the 20th century was Michael Keaton born?
answer: The Fifties

question: Who performed He's A Tramp in the Disney movie Lady And The Tramp?
answer: Nora Delores Egstrom

question: In which Center is he Metropolitan Opera House?
answer: Lincoln Centre

question: Jersey Joe Walcott was a world champion in which sport?
answer: Prize fight

question: Where in Lybia did Australian troops take a seaport occupied by the Italians in 1941?
answer: Antipyrgos (Titular See)

question: What was the last No1 hit for the Everly Brothers?
answer: Cathy's Clown

question: Where is the Great White Way?
answer: New York (Broadway)

question: Which mountains stretch from West Virginia to Georgia?
answer: Blue Ridge mountains

question: Under which name did Alfonso D' Abruzzo find fame as an actor?
answer: Allan Alda

question: According to the inventor Thomas Edison genius is made up how many percent of inspiration?
answer: 1

question: Who produced the first Chinook helicopter in 1961?
answer: Boeing Aircraft of Canada

question: Which actor founded the American Ocean's campaign in 1987?
answer: Ted danson

question: In which decade did Bonnie & Clyde operate?
answer: 1930’s

question: Which C S wrote The African Queen?
answer: Foresters

question: Who had a 60s No 1 with Everyday People?
answer: Satfs

question: Who had an 80s No 1 with Lady?
answer: Mommas Waiting

question: Igor Sikorsky developed which means of transport?
answer: 🚁

question: Which widow of a rock star appeared in Dallas?
answer: Priscilla Beaulieu

question: Who wrote the novel The Power and The Glory?
answer: Greeneland

question: The German terrorist group The Red Army Faction were more usually known as which Gang?
answer: Bader-meinhoff

question: What was the first name of the fictional sleuth Baretta?
answer: Tony

question: How many people traditionally sing barbershop?
answer: Four

question: What was Diana Ross's first solo No 1?
answer: Aint No Mountain High Enough

question: Which Argentinean became conductor of the New York Philharmonic in 1970?
answer: Daniel Barenboim and Wagner

question: Which Bond girl was Honor Blackman?
answer: Pussy Galore

question: Which Latvian was principal dancer with the American Ballet Theater in the 70s returning later as director?
answer: Mikhail Nikolayevich Baryshnikov

question: Hard-rock group Motley Crue come from which city?
answer: City of Los Angeles, California

question: Cindy Birdsong was a member of which singing group?
answer: Diana Ross and the Supremes

question: Which movie won Marlon Brando his second Oscar?
answer: The Godfather trilogy

question: On a Monopoly board, what are B & O, Reading, Short Line and Pennsylvania?
answer: Station

question: The Harry Lime theme was used in which film?
answer: The Third Man (film)

question: Which city hosts the Charlie Parker Jazz Festival?
answer: New Yourk State

question: What was the profession of Burt Reynolds' father?
answer: Police agent

question: Which Scottish border town was the scene of a jumbo jet disaster?
answer: Locherbie

question: Solidarity was the mass movement of the people in which country?
answer: Etymology of Poland

question: Which golfer Sandy triumphed at the US Masters?
answer: Lyle

question: Who became the world's youngest ever boxing heavyweight champion?
answer: Iron Mike Tyson

question: What was the world's first reusable spacecraft called?
answer: SPACE SHUTTLE

question: What was Patricia Highsmith's first novel?
answer: Strangers on a Train (disambiguation)

question: In which war was cowboy star Tom MIx shot in the mouth?
answer: American occupation of Cuba (1898–1902)

question: How many years did the Holocaust last?
answer: twelve

question: "Which soap had people asking. ""Who shot JR?"""
answer: Dallas Fire-Rescue

question: Which tennis ace completed his fifth successive Wimbledon singles triumph?
answer: Björn Borg

question: Who replaced Erich Honecker as GDR head of state?
answer: Krenz, Egon

question: Off which pitcher did Babe Ruth smash his 714th and final Major League home run?
answer: Guy Bush

question: Which US President was linked with the 'Star Wars' policy?
answer: President Regan

question: Where in the Ukraine was there a nuclear explosion in 1986?
answer: Chernobyl, Ukraine

question: Anwar Sadat was President of which country when he died in 1981?
answer: EGY

question: Who released an album called Thriller in 1982?
answer: Prince Michael Jackson Jr

question: Which 80s leader had a wife called Raisa?
answer: M. Gorbachev

question: In what month in 1990 did Iraq invade Kuwait?
answer: Ogos

question: Who won the ladies singles most times at Wimbledon in the 80s?
answer: Martina Navaratilova

question: Which island was the home of Bob Marley, who died in 1981?
answer: Jamica

question: Which John portrayed The Elephant Man on film?
answer: Hurt (disambiguation)

question: Which city was devastated by an earthquake in 1985 and then hosted the World Cup in 1986?
answer: Mexican Republic

question: Hahnium was so named by US scientists in honor of Otto Hahn; what was its original name?
answer: Unnilpentium

question: Which movement was thought to be responsible for the kidnapping of Western hostages in Lebanon in the 890s?
answer: Khizbollah

question: Who was Franklin ?D Roosevelt's secretary of state from 1933 to 1944?
answer: Cordell Hull

question: The increasing scarcity of elephants and rhinos led ot a 1989 ban on which substance?
answer: Ivory

question: Sarah Ferguson became Duchess of where?
answer: Park Grove (1895)

question: Tiananmen Square was a scene of conflict in which country?
answer: Chinese People's Republic

question: Which hospital was Princess Diana taken to after her tragic car accident?
answer: La Pitie-Salpetriere

question: Elected in 1913, how long was Pedro Mascurain president of Mexico?
answer: One hour

question: Who was NATO commander between 1974 and 1979?
answer: Alexander M. Haig Jr.

question: Which disks replaced cassettes and ordinary records?
answer: CD-quality

question: Groucho Marx resigned from where as he didn't care to belong to any club that would have him as a member?
answer: Friars Club (disambiguation)

question: In which natural valley is San Jose?
answer: Santa Clara, Panama

question: In which Chicago theater did over 500 people die in a fire in 1903?
answer: Iroquois Theatre Fire Memorial

question: How long did it take to construct a Model T Ford in 1914?
answer: 95 time

question: Which couple were implicated in the Whitewater affair?
answer: Clintons

question: Who did James Earl Ray shoot in Memphis in April 1968?
answer: The Reverend Doctor Martin Luther King, Junior

question: Who was the first black American to win the Nobel peace prize?
answer: Dr. Ralph Bunche

question: Where was the first nuclear reactor built, by Enrico Fermi?
answer: Chi-Beria

question: Which state on the Gulf of Mexico has the longest name?
answer: The Hospitality State

question: The Rotary Club was founded in 1905 in which American City?
answer: Chi-Beria

question: Where is the HQ of Chrysler and General Motors?
answer: The 313

question: In All In The Family, what was Archie's son-in-law's full name?
answer: Mike Stivic

question: What is the architectural style of the Radio City Music Hall in New York?
answer: Art déco

question: What was the debut movie of the actress born Shirley Beaty?
answer: The Trouble with Harry

question: On which river is the USA's highest concrete dam?
answer: Colorado (State)

question: In square miles, how big is lake Superior?
answer: 31700

question: Near which town were there reports of a space ship landing on the 4th July 1947?
answer: Roswell, New Mexico

question: Where was the World Fair held in 1903?
answer: Missouri St. Louis

question: Which singer had the first names Harry Lillis?
answer: Harry L. Crosby, Jr.

question: What was the San Francisco Ballet formerly called?
answer: San Francisco Ballet

question: Parker and Barrow were more usually known as what?
answer: Prentiss Oakley

question: Al Capone was finally nailed for what crime?
answer: Tax fraud schemes

question: Alcatraz was in which Bay?
answer: San Fransciso

question: Which 20s gangland boss was nicknamed Scarface?
answer: Alfonse %22Scarface%22 Capone

question: Where is the Valley of the Kings, the scene of a terrorist attack in 1997?
answer: EGY

question: Who was Butch Cassidy's partner?
answer: The Sundance Kid

question: Irish Olympic champion Michelle smith was suspended in 1999 over drug allegations in which sport?
answer: Swam

question: Colombian underworld boss Pablo Escobar dealt in what commodity?
answer: Drugz

question: Which actress Sharon was murdered by Charles Manson?
answer: Vernon Gallery

question: In which state was the 1999 massacre at Columbine High?
answer: Colorado (State)

question: Which saint's day saw a massacre in Chicago in 1929?
answer: Hallmark Day

question: What was supposedly the profession of Sweeney Todd in London?
answer: Barbershop (hair)

question: In 1990, Idaho and which other state celebrated the centenary of joining the Union?
answer: State of Wyoming

question: What is the second largest of the Hawaiian Islands?
answer: Island of Maui

question: Who founded the New York City ballet in 1928?
answer: Georgy Melitonov Balanchivadze

question: Whose Complete Guide To Running is credited with beginning the craze for jogging?
answer: Jim Fixx

question: In which theater did The Wizard of Oz have its New York debut?
answer: Majestic (disambiguation)

question: What was CNN Headline News previously known as?
answer: CNNHN

question: Who followed Calvin Coolidge as US President?
answer: Presidency of Herbert Hoover

question: What did Carlton Magee devise in the US for motorists?
answer: Parking meter

question: Who ordered the Boulder Dam to be renamed the Hoover Dam?
answer: Presidency of Harry S. Truman

question: In what year was the first woman elected to the US Senate?
answer: 1922

question: What was the first US warship sunk by a U-boat in the Atlantic in 1941?
answer: USS Ruben James

question: What nickname was given to the group of performers which included Sammy Davis Jr. and Frank Sinatra?
answer: Eee-O-Eleven: The Best of the Rat Pack

question: In which state was Bruce Springsteen born?
answer: Jersey State

question: In which decade was the National University, San Diego, California founded?
answer: 1970s (decade)

question: "Which show made critic Robert Helpmann say, ""The trouble with nude dancing is that not everything stops when the music does?"""
answer: Oh, Calcutta!

question: "Who said, ""The hardest thing to understand in the world is income tax?"""
answer: Albert Enstien

question: In the first ever Bugs Bunny cartoon, which character tried to kill him?
answer: Be vewy, vewy quiet. I'm hunting wabbits.

question: Which star of the Back To The Future movies appeared in Caroline In the City?
answer: Lea thomson

question: The Mackenzie River flows form which lake to the ocean?
answer: Grand lac des Esclaves

question: Which Mexican port was seized by US marines in 1914 to prevent the import of German arms for rebel groups?
answer: Veracruz de Ignacio de la Llave

question: Who was Vice President during WWI?
answer: Vice President Marshall

question: In which language did The Singing Nun sing when she topped the singles charts?
answer: Français

question: Who recorded the albums Blue and Court And Spark?
answer: Joni Mitchell

question: Where was the world's largest telescope until 1948?
answer: Mt. Wilson

question: How many Madison Square Gardens have there been before the existing one?
answer: 3

question: Which road bisects the Balboa Park in San Diego?
answer: El Prado

question: In which city was the pinball machine invented?
answer: Chi-Beria

question: What was the name of the first Hollywood movie released by D W Griffith in 1910?
answer: In Old California

question: In Chaplin's The Great Dictator, what was the dictator's name?
answer: Tomania

question: To which conductor did Vaughan Williams dedicate his 8th Symphony?
answer: John Barbirolli

question: "What did critic John Mason Brown describe as ""chewing gum for the eyes?"""
answer: Babble box

question: Who wrote the book on which the musical Whistle Down the Wind was based?
answer: Duet for Two Hands

question: In what country was British choreographer Sir Frederick Ashton born?
answer: Independence Day of Ecuador

question: Which director's autobiography was called The Name Above the Title?
answer: Frank Capra

question: Where was blues singer Leadbelly when he was 'discovered' musically?
answer: Penitentiary system

question: Most of the Three Tenors come from which country?
answer: Islands of Spain

question: Who is taller, Holly Hunter or Madonna?
answer: Madonna

question: What is Ryan O'Neal's real first name?
answer: Patrick

question: Who wrote the song Mad Dogs And Englishmen?
answer: Sir Noël Peirce Coward

question: Who wrote the children's classic The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe?
answer: C. S Lewis

question: The first Miss World came from which country?
answer: Swedish sin

question: For which movie did Spielberg win his first Oscar?
answer: Schindler's List (film)

question: Which part did Michael Jackson play in The Wiz?
answer: Scarecrow (film)

question: What was advertised by Rod Stewart and Tina Turner's version of It Takes Two?
answer: Pep.si

question: Which brothers bought Shepperton movie studios in 1994?
answer: Scott (disambiguation)

question: Which studios did the Rank Organization open in 1936?
answer: Pinewoods

question: Who made the film Renaldo and Clara with Bob Dylan?
answer: Joan Báez

question: Which British composer wrote the theme music for the film Murder on the Orient Express?
answer: Richard Rodney Bennett

question: The expression Great White Hope was used to describe which black boxer's opponents?
answer: Jack Johnson

question: Which Dallas actress was born on exactly the same day as singer / songwriter Stephen Stills?
answer: Victoria Principle

question: Who was the German soldier in Rowan and Martin's Laugh In?
answer: Very interesting ...

question: Who had a 1980s No 1 hit with Shakedown?
answer: Bob Seger & the Silver Bullet Band

question: On whose life was the short-lived musical Winnie based?
answer: Tango (cat)

question: How many Gilbert & Sullivan operas are there?
answer: 13

question: "Who said, ""Middle age is when your age starts to show around your middle?"""
answer: Bob Hope

question: "About whom did Kenneth Tynan say, ""What one sees in other women drunk, one sees in... sober?"""
answer: Garbo speaks

question: Michael Jackson's Will You Be There came from which movie?
answer: Free Willy

question: Who had a 60s No 1 hit with The Theme From a Summer Place?
answer: Percy Faith & His Orchestra

question: Who won the Best Director Oscar for Platoon?
answer: Stones Law

question: In which decade of the 20th century was Jessica Lange born?
answer: The Forties

question: "Which film poster included the line ""I told you... you know nothing about wickedness?"""
answer: Lady from Shanghai

question: Who wrote the very last episode of Seinfeld?
answer: Lawrence Gene %22Larry%22 David

question: In 1997 which airline replaced the flag on its tail fin with ethnic designs from around the world?
answer: Ba.com

question: Where did Anne Frank die?
answer: Concentration camp Belsen

question: "According to the British Bishop Mervyn Stockwood, who would ""go to the Follies Bergere and look at the audience?"
answer: The Psychiatrist

question: In which city was the peace treaty ending the Vietnam war signed?
answer: Paříž

question: What was Scotland's answer to California's Silicon Valley called?
answer: Silicon Glen

question: What was St. Petersburg called for most of the 20th century?
answer: St Petersb.

question: What is London's biggest airport called?
answer: Heathrow Airlines

question: Which country is locked within Belgium, Germany and France?
answer: Luxemborg

question: In which category did Marie Curie win her second Nobel Prize?
answer: Chemical sciences

question: What is the largest inland port in Europe?
answer: DEHAM

question: Which company manufactured the first car to run on diesel?
answer: Mercedes benz

question: "In 1939 who described the actions of Russia as ""a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma?"""
answer: Tango (cat)

question: In Nazi Germany, what was Endloslung?
answer: Solution to the Jewish problem

question: Who was Hitler's Prime Minister in Prussia?
answer: Hermann William Goering

question: Vehicles from which country use the international registration letter L?
answer: Luxemborg

question: Where in England is the location of the Glastonbury Festival?
answer: Pilton (disambiguation)

question: The Channel Islands are in which Channel?
answer: La Manche

question: The French region of Grasse is famous for making what?
answer: Extrait de Parfum

question: Which was the last country in mainland Europe to switch from driving on the left?
answer: Swedish sin

question: By the end of the 80s, what percentage of British households had two cars?
answer: twenty  %

question: In which year did Britain's lease on Hong Kong officially expire?
answer: one thousand, nine hundred and ninety-seven

question: Which Norwegian explorer did Robert Feary beat to the North Pole?
answer: Raoul Amundsen

question: """A bridge too far"" referred to airborne landings in which country?"
answer: NETHERLANDS

question: Who founded the Cubism movement with Picasso?
answer: Georges Braque

question: "What is the name shared by the currency units of ""Algeria and Tunisia?"
answer: Dinar

question: Mount Toubkai is the highest peak of which range of mountains?
answer: Atlas mountains

question: Which South African politician won the Nobel peace Prize in 1960?
answer: Albert John Luthuli

question: "In which township were 69 demonstrators killed by South ""African police in March 1960?"
answer: Sharpeville, Gauteng

question: What is the former name of the People's Republic of Benin?
answer: Dahomey kingdom

question: Which country is the home of the Ashanti?
answer: Ghana

question: Where did Idi Amin rule from 1971 -1979?
answer: Ugandese

question: In which country are the ruins of ancient Carthage?
answer: ISO 3166-1:TN

question: In which country does the White Nile leave Lake Victoria?
answer: Ugandese

question: Which African explorer translated the Arabian Nights?
answer: Richard Burton

question: After which American President is the capital of Liberia named?
answer: President James Monroe

question: In which country were the Mau-0Mau a secret guerrilla movement?
answer: Kenyan

question: Who was the Danish author of Out of Africa?
answer: Isak Denisen

question: Which new city in Nigeria has been shaped like a crescent, and has replaced Lagos as capital?
answer: Garki District, Abuja

question: Is the Great Wall of China 650, 1,450 or 2,050 miles long?
answer: one thousand, four hundred and fifty

question: Where did the Gang of Four try to size power in 1976?
answer: Chinese People's Republic

question: Which Asian city hosted the 1988 Olympic Games?
answer: Soul Special City

question: Who was emperor of Japan during world War II?
answer: Hirohito of japan

question: What is the capital of Saudi Arabia?
answer: Al-Urayja

question: Of which country is Vientiane the capital?
answer: Saathiaranagroat Prachhathippatay Prachhachhon Lao

question: Who was the Mongol ruler who conquered Persia, Azerbaijan, Armenia, and Georgia in the 14th Century?
answer: Sahib-i-Qirani

question: Which two Middle-Eastern countries fought a war from 1980 to 1988?
answer: Iran and Iraq

question: Which sea lies between china and Korea?
answer: West Korean Sea

question: In which modern country are the ports of Sidon and Tyer?
answer: Lebanese Republic

question: The West Bank of which river has been occupied by Israel since 1967?
answer: Jordan (country)

question: Which 15th-century navigator discovered the sea route from Europe to India by the Cape of Good Hope?
answer: Vasco de Gama

question: What did Burma change its name to in 1989?
answer: Economic sanctions against Myanmar

question: A 25 km causeway, the longest in the world, links Saudi Arabia with which other country?
answer: Asia/Bahrain

question: Beside which river are the Indian cities of Delhi and Agra?
answer: Pollution of the Yamuna River

question: On which inland sea do the ports of Astrakhan and Baku lie?
answer: Apsheron Threshold

question: Which country was suspended from the Arab League for ten years from 1979?
answer: EGY

question: With what is the Japanese art of bonsai concerned?
answer: Miniature Trees

question: By what name was Thailand known until 1939?
answer: Muang Thai

question: What kind of wild cattle with shaggy coats and upturned horns live in the mountains of Tibet?
answer: Almun yak

question: Which 13th-century Mongol warlord controlled probably a larger area than anyone in history, from the Yellow Sea to the Black Sea?
answer: Temüjin

question: Which is the largest city in India?
answer: Calcuta

question: Which is the principal island of Japan?
answer: Honsyuu, Japan

question: What is the dominant classical language of the Indian subcontinent?
answer: Samskrita

question: In which 1954 battle did the Vietminh defeat the French and end their influence in Indochina?
answer: Dîen Bîen Phu

question: What nationality are the Gurkhas, who have fought for the British and Indian armies since 1815?
answer: Nepali (disambiguation)

question: Which major export of Bangladesh is used to make sacking?
answer: Jute fiber

question: What was the former name of Iran?
answer: Irān

question: Which river runs 1,560 miles to the Bay of Bengal?
answer: Gaṅgā

question: Which sheikhdom is the capital of the United Arab Emirates?
answer: Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates

question: Which native East Asian plant is the richest natural vegetable food?
answer: Soya (disambiguation)

question: What is the capital of Hong Kong?
answer: Victoria (genus)

question: "Who founded the modern republic of Turkey and, in 1934, took a name meaning ""Father of the Turks""?"
answer: Mustafa Kemal Pascha

question: What is the Japanese product kakiemon?
answer: Porcelan

question: Which river with a vast delta to the South china Sea rises as the Za Qu in Tibet?
answer: Menam Khong

question: Isfahan is a major city in which country?
answer: Irān

question: Who was supposed to have told the Arabian Nights tales?
answer: Shahrzad

question: Which is the highest mountain in the Alps?
answer: Mt. Blanc

question: Which country is divided into cantons?
answer: ISO 3166-1:CH

question: In which Italian city would you find Leonardo's Last Supper?
answer: The weather in Milan

question: Which is Italy's longest river?
answer: Po (disambiguation)

question: On which river does Verona stand?
answer: Etsch

question: Which poet died while helping the Greeks fight for their independence?
answer: 6th Lord Byron

question: From which country did Iceland become independent in 1944?
answer: Eastern Denmark

question: In which capital city is the Tivoli amusement park?
answer: København, Denmark

question: On which river does Prague stand?
answer: Waldaha

question: Which European country restored its monarchy in 1975?
answer: Islands of Spain

question: In which autonomous region of Spain are the cities of Cadiz and Cordoba?
answer: Andalussiyah

question: Which European country colonized Brazil?
answer: Portogało

question: Which country was defeated by the USSR in the Winter War of 1939?
answer: FinlanD

question: What is the name of the bay between northern Spain and western France, known for its rough seas?
answer: Golfe de Gascogne

question: Which city linked by canal with Rotterdam and Amsterdam, is the seat of the Netherlands government?
answer: The hague

question: Which is the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea?
answer: Trinacrian

question: Which city was the capital of West Germany from 1949 to 1990?
answer: Castra Bonnensis

question: "In which Cypriot town will you find the ""Tombs of the Rings""?"
answer: Pafos

question: In which country did Grand Duke Jean become head of state in 1964?
answer: Luxemborg

question: In which country was Pope John Paul II a cardinal before his election?
answer: Etymology of Poland

question: Which two countries have a border with Liechtenstein?
answer: Switzerland and Austria

question: Which country has as its joint heads of state a Spaniard and a Frenchman?
answer: Military of Andorra

question: In which country was Adolf Hitler born?
answer: The Republic of Austria

question: Which two colors appear on the flag of Greece?
answer: Blue and white

question: Which is further north, Corsica or Sardinia?
answer: La Corse

question: Which European country left the Commonwealth and declared itself a republic in 1949?
answer: Dominion of Éire

question: The shamrock is the national badge of which country?
answer: Irlanda

question: In which capital city were the treaties signed that established the European Economic Community?
answer: Capital city of italy

question: Which country was ruled for 40 years by the dictator Antonio Salazar?
answer: Portogało

question: What nationality was the 16th-century poet and soldier Camoens?
answer: Portuguese

question: Which group had most seats in the European Parliament after the 1989 election - the left, the centre or the right?
answer: The Left (disambiguation)

question: Of which island is Valletta the capital?
answer: Health in Malta

question: In Norway, what are Hardanger and Sogne?
answer: Fiords

question: In which Polish city was the Solidarity union formed in 1989?
answer: Dànzica

question: Which French river flows into the sea at St. Nazaire and is famous for its chateaux?
answer: River Loire

question: In which city does the Council of Europe sit?
answer: Strossburi

question: In which year were East and West Germany unified?
answer: 1990

question: On which of the Greek islands did Bacchus find Ariadne, according to legend?
answer: Island of Naxos

question: Which country's parliament is called the Storting?
answer: Norvège

question: "Which German city is known as ""Aix-la-Chapelle in French?"
answer: Aachen, Germany

question: What emblem appears on the flag of Albania?
answer: Eagle

question: Where did Roosevelt, Churchill and Stalin meet in 1945 to plan the final defeat of Germany?
answer: Yalita

question: Which country first tried unsuccessfully to build the Panama Canal?
answer: La Republique francaise

question: Which family ruled Florence for three centuries from 1434?
answer: Medicean

question: Who were the Celtic-speaking peoples living in France and Belgium during Roman times?
answer: Gaulish people

question: Which king of England had a mother and a son who were both beheaded?
answer: James VI of Scotland, James I of England

question: Which battle of 1746 ended the Jacobite revolution?
answer: Culloden

question: "What Soviet ""man of steel"" was educated for the priesthood but was expelled from the seminary?"
answer: Josif Djugashvili

question: What country sold land including the present-day states of Louisiana, Arkansas, and Oklahoma to the USA in 1803?
answer: La Republique francaise

question: Which British monarch married Anne of Denmark?
answer: James VI of Scotland, James I of England

question: Which US president was shot five days after the end of the American Civil War?
answer: Abaraham lincoln

question: """What was the name of the Austrian-born dictator who succeeded Hindenburg as Germany's head of state?"
answer: Hitlerian

question: Who was the black educationist who was born a slave but became a leader in the search for civil rights in the early 1900s?
answer: Dr. Booker T. Washington

question: "Which French revolutionary was nicknamed ""the Incorruptible""?"
answer: Maximilien François Isidore Robespierre

question: Where did Florence Nightingale establish a hospital to treat casualties of the Crimean War?
answer: Scutari (disambiguation)

question: Which rebellion was effectively ended by the Battle of Culloden?
answer: Jacobite uprising

question: What was the first permanent English settlement in the New World, now in ruins?
answer: Jamestown

question: Who was the first president of independent Kenya?|
answer: Kenyatta, Jomo

question: Which country was ruled by the Romanov dynasty 1613-1917?
answer: Russia (1991-1993)

question: Which country's liberalization program was halted by the invasion of 600,000 Soviet troops in 1968?
answer: Česko Slovensko

question: Which Axis Power changed sides during World War II, declaring war on Germany in October 1943?
answer: Environment of Italy

question: Who was the first democratically elected Marxist head of state?
answer: Allende Gossens

question: What was the name of the basalt slab that became the key for deciphering ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics?
answer: Stone of Rosetta

question: What title did Charlemagne, already king of the Franks, acquire in 800?
answer: Supplinburger Dynasty

question: What is the name of the British political regime 1649-60 established by Oliver Cromwell?
answer: White Commonwealth

question: Who was the prime minister of South Africa who was assassinated in 1966?
answer: Hendrik Frensch Verwoerd

question: "Which 17th-century king of Sweden was known as the ""Lion of the North""?"
answer: Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden

question: What year saw the nationalization of British Railways?
answer: one thousand, nine hundred and forty-eight

question: Who are the only two English sovereigns from whom Prince Charles is not descended?
answer: Charles II and James II

question: Who succeeded the Roman emperor, Trajan?
answer: Publius Aelius Traianus Hadrianus

question: Who was the admiral of the French fleet defeated by Nelson at the Battle of Trafalgar?
answer: Pierre Charles Jean Baptiste Villeneuve

question: During which war was the Battle of Blenheim?
answer: War of the Spainish Succession

question: Which royal house consisted of Henry IV, Henry V and Henry VI?
answer: House Of Lancaster

question: In which Indian city did British troops open fire without warning on a crowd of 10,000 in 1919?
answer: ਅੰਮ੍ਰਿਤਸਰ

question: In which war was the Battle of Ramillies?
answer: War of the Spainish Succession

question: Which sultan of Egypt, who precipitated the third Crusade, subsequently made peace with Richard I?
answer: Yusuf bin Ayyub

question: In which year did the Japanese attack Pearl Harbor?
answer: one thousand, nine hundred and forty-one

question: In which naval battle did Rome decisively defeat the forces of Antony and Cleopatra?
answer: Battle of Actium

question: "Which new policy in 1958 was an attempt to achieve ""true communism"" in China?"
answer: The Great Leap Forward

question: Who was appointed successor to Hitler in 1939 but expelled from the Nazi party six years later?
answer: Hermann William Goering

question: What was ceded to Britain in 1713 as part of the settlement of the War of Spanish Succession?
answer: Gibraltar/History

question: Who was the queen of the British king, Charles I?
answer: Queen Henrietta Maria

question: Where did George Washington's army endure the winter of 1777-78?
answer: Significane Of Valley Forge On American History

question: Whom did Charles V confront at the Diet of Worms in 1521?
answer: Hans Ludher

question: What was the name of the Libyan king deposed by Colonel Kaddafi in 1969?
answer: Idris of Libya

question: Which US president ended his country's participation in the Vietnam War?
answer: I'm not a crook

question: What was the first considerable engagement in the American Revolution?
answer: Bunkers Hill

question: Who succeeded Henry I as king of England in 1135?
answer: Stéphan

question: In which war was the Battle of Shiloh?
answer: Civil War in the United States

question: Which treaty after World War I established the League of Nations?
answer: Palais de Versailles

question: In which year did the Korean War break out?
answer: 1950

question: What is the official residence of the president of France?
answer: L'Élysée

question: Who set out his political ideas in Mein Kampf?
answer: Hitlerian

question: Who preceded Ronald Reagan as American president?
answer: James Earl Carter Jr.

question: In which year was Ulster incorporated into the UK, under the Home Rule Act?
answer: 1920

question: What name is shared by the chairs of the UK House of Commons and the US House of Representatives?
answer: Speaker (disambiguation)

question: Which is the lower house of the British parliament?
answer: House of commons

question: "Of what electoral system are ""single transferable vote"" and ""party list"" forms?"
answer: Proportionate representation

question: Who was the USA's vice president in 1990?
answer: Dan quayle

question: Which prime minister took Britain into the European Community in 1973?
answer: Sir Edward Heath

question: Which publication was the vehicle for John 'Wilkes's attacks on the Tories for which he was imprisoned in 1768?
answer: North Briton (newspaper)

question: What was enforced by Parliament in 1379 and was the trigger that caused the Peasants' Revolt?
answer: Poll tax

question: In which country did Pol Pot lead the feared Khmer Rouge?
answer: Srok khmer

question: How often are American presidential elections held?
answer: Every four years

question: Israel was proclaimed an independent state in 1948. Who was its prime minister from then until 1963?
answer: David Ben Guryan

question: Who did Margaret Thatcher succeed as leader of the Conservative Party?
answer: Sir Edward Heath

question: Who said 'A week is a long time in politics'?
answer: A week is a long time in politics

question: Which Elizabethan politician, philosopher and essayist was fined L40,000 for taking bribes?
answer: Francis Bacon

question: Who succeeded Clement Attlee as Labour Party leader in 1955?
answer: Hugh Gaitskill

question: Whose book Sexual Politics was a landmark in feminist thinking?
answer: Kate Millet

question: Which American economist is the foremost advocate of monetarism?
answer: Milton freidman

question: In what year did the Representation of the People Act give the vote to all women over 21?
answer: 1928

question: Who was Italy's Fascist lender from 1925-43?
answer: Moussolini

question: Which human-rights organization campaigns for the release of political prisoners worldwide?|
answer: Protect the Human

question: Which British company was effectively the ruler of much of India until the India Act of 1858?
answer: Company Bahadur

question: What offence was former Panamanian leader Manuel Noriega tried for in the USA?
answer: Drug trafficking in the United States

question: Which are the two main political parties in the USA?
answer: Democrats and Republicans

question: What do the British call the person other countries might call minister of the interior?
answer: Home secretary

question: Which British prime minister fell from office because of his repeal of the Corn Laws?
answer: Robert Peel, 2nd Baronet

question: Which Conservative MP was a middle-distance runner who won two Olympic gold medals and set eleven world records during the 1970s and 1980s?
answer: Sebastian Coe, Baron Coe

question: What was the racial segregation policy practiced by South Africa's National Party until 1994?
answer: History of south africa in the apartheid era

question: Which party was led by Adolf Hitler from 1921 to 1945?
answer: The N.S.D.A.P.

question: How old must you be to vote in a British parliamentary election?
answer: 18

question: How many readings does an act of Parliament have in the House of Commons before being given royal assent?
answer: 3

question: In which city did Karl Marx write Das Kapital?
answer: London (UK)

question: Which party did F W de Klerk represent as South African president?
answer: National Party (Ireland)

question: What is the term used when a sitting MP is removed as the candidate for a forthcoming election?
answer: Deselect

question: Who played the part of Piers Fletcher Dervish, personal assistant to MP Alan B'stard, in the television comedy series The New Statesman?
answer: Michael Troughton

question: Which MP entered Parliament as a Tory in 1833, but became Liberal prime minister in 1868?
answer: Gladstone

question: Who was the last foreign secretary to serve in Margaret Thatcher's cabinet, an MP who also contested the leadership after her resignation?
answer: Lord Hurd

question: Which publication documents all proceedings of the British parliament?
answer: Hansard

question: Which British minister of health inaugurated the National Health Service?
answer: Aneurin Bevan

question: What is the name for the group of opposition spokesmen who comment on the policies of government ministers?
answer: Shadow Secretary of State for Education and Employment

question: "Who was ""Britain's first ever Labour prime minister in 1924?"
answer: James Ramsay MacDonald

question: "What became known s ""the F-word"" at the 1991 Maastricht summit, where Britain wanted it removed from the treaty?"
answer: Federalistic

question: Which British actress won the Hampstead and Highgate seat for Labour in the 1992 General Election?
answer: Glenda Jackson

question: Whose book Inside NO 10 described Harold Wilson's Downing Street years?
answer: Baroness Falkender

question: What is the Swedish name of the official who acts for the private citizen in complaints against the government?
answer: Ombudsman

question: Which US president introduced the New Deal in 1933 to counter the depression?
answer: Franklin D. Roosevelt

question: Mario Soares became the first socialist president of which country in 1986?
answer: Portogało

question: What is the title of the member of the upper house equivalent to that of the Speaker in the lower house?
answer: Lord Commissioner of the Great Seal

question: Who was the first president of France's Fifth Republic?
answer: Charles de Galle

question: Who was dismissed from office as Australian prime minister in 1975 after refusing to call a general election?
answer: Whitlam

question: "Which word, meaning ""I forbid"" in Latin, means the right to prevent a law being enacted or an action being taken?"
answer: Vetoed

question: What collective name is given to the first ten amendments to the US constitution?
answer: Bill.of.Rights

question: What is the collective name of the international agreements signed by all the member states of the European Community?
answer: Formation of the European Union

question: In which year did Mikhail Gorbachev resign as Soviet president?
answer: 1991

question: Which political commentator has presented both Weekend World and A Week in Politics?
answer: Jay, Peter

question: How many countries are there in the British Commonwealth?
answer: 50

question: What is the Irish house of representatives called?
answer: Dail Eireann

question: Who was Pope for only 33 days in 1978?
answer: Albino Luciani

question: Who was lead singer with the group Queen?
answer: Freddie mercury

question: Which author had the real name Charles Dodgson?
answer: Lewis carol

question: Who was the Lord Chancellor beheaded for refusing to recognize Henry VIII as head of the church?
answer: St. Thomas Moore

question: Who led the Free French forces during World War II?
answer: Charles de Galle

question: Which battle of 1876 was Custer's last stand?
answer: Little Bighorn (disambiguation)

question: Which actor, comedian and singer was born David Daniel Kaminski?
answer: Danny Kaye Show

question: What nationality was the spy Mata Hari?
answer: Dtuch

question: "Who said: ""The customer is always right""?"
answer: HG Selfridge

question: "What pen name was used by the Spanish orator Dolores Ibarruri, who said ""It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees""?"
answer: Dolores Ibarruri

question: For what purpose did Melvil Dewey devise his decimal system in 1876?
answer: Classifying books

question: Who was the king of rock and roll?
answer: Elvis Aron Presley

question: Who was Sherlock Holmes' assistant?
answer: Dr.Watson

question: What are the indigenous people of new Zealand called?
answer: Maoridom

question: Who was the film star who married Prince Rainier III of Monaco?
answer: Princess Grace of Monaco

question: What was the first name of the politician Gladstone, the composer Walton, and the reformer Wilberforce?
answer: William

question: Of which tribe was Goliath the champion?
answer: Philistéan

question: What nickname was given to General Thomas Jackson because of his stern defense at the battle of Bull Run?
answer: Stone Wall (disambiguation)

question: Which Christian martyr was first bishop of Rome?
answer: Prince of Apostles

question: Who was the most famous of English lexicographers?
answer: Johnsonism

question: In which of the arts has Richard Avedon distinguished himself?
answer: Pet photography

question: Which religious grou0p migrated westward to the Great Salt Lake, Utah, in 1847?
answer: Mormons

question: "Which 18th-century dictionary compiler defined himself as a ""harmless drudge""?"
answer: Johnsonism

question: Who was president of the USSR from 1985-91?
answer: M. Gorbachev

question: What was the name of the Thracian slave who led an ultimately unsuccessful gladiator revolt against Rome in 73 BC?
answer: Spartacus

question: Which English king abdicated and became Duke of Windsor?
answer: Prince Edward, Duke of Windsor

question: Who was the first man in space in 1961?
answer: Ю́рий Алексе́евич Гага́рин

question: What invention made the fortune of Alfred Noel, founder of the Nobel prize?
answer: Dynamite

question: Whose circus did General Tom Thumb join at the age of five in 1843?
answer: Phineas Barnum

question: Of which country was de Valera the prime minister, and later the president?
answer: Irlanda

question: "Which actress starred opposite Alan Ladd in the film ""The Blue Dahlia""?"
answer: Constance Ockleman

question: "Which French fashion designer created the ""Little black dress""?"
answer: Gabriella Bonheur Chanel

question: What is the sticky wax obtained from sheep?
answer: Adeps Lanae

question: What is the trade name for the non-stick material used for coating cooking pans?
answer: Teflon (trademark)

question: What name is given to the brittle kind of iron used for making engine blocks and manhole covers?
answer: Cast-iron

question: Which scientific unit gives a measure of loudness?
answer: Absolute dB

question: The behavior of sound in rooms and concert halls is a separate science. what is its name?
answer: Acoustic measurements and instrumentation

question: What kind of animal is an iguana?
answer: Hepatic piston

question: What is the name given to the molten rock beneath the surface of the Earth?
answer: Magma rock

question: Which disease is spread in minute water drops?
answer: Legionnaires'

question: What is the strong inelastic material found in a human tendon?
answer: Collagen fibers

question: What material forms the hard outermost layer of a human tooth?
answer: Enamel (disambiguation)

question: Snowflakes are symmetrical. How many sides do they have?
answer: Six

question: What name is given to an atomic particle carrying a negative charge?
answer: Mass of an electron

question: DNA is found in which part of the cell?
answer: Nuecleus

question: By which name is the drug acetylsalicylic acid better known?
answer: Idragin

question: How many legs has an insect?
answer: Six

question: Which flower has the same name as a diaphragm in the eye?
answer: Iris

question: Which animals are arthropods and have eight legs?
answer: List of false scorpions

question: Which is the modern scientific unit of work and energy?
answer: Ocrajoule

question: Chlorine, fluorine and bromine belong to which family of elements?
answer: Halogen group

question: Which was the first antibiotic to be discovered?
answer: Pennicilin

question: What is the boiling point of water?
answer: 100 temp

question: Ascorbic acid is which vitamin?
answer: Liqui-Cee

question: What is the generic term for the mechanical, electrical and electronic components of a computer?
answer: Hardware

question: Whose research on X-ray diffraction of ?DNA crystals helped Crick and Watson during the race to discover the structure of DNA?
answer: King's College London DNA Controversy

question: Heisenberg is most associated with which branch of physics?
answer: Quantum physicist

question: What did Heike Kamerlingh-Onnes discover?
answer: Superconducting engineer

question: What science is the study of missiles in motion?
answer: Ballistic vehicle

question: What kind of elements are found in a pure state in nature?
answer: Native elements

question: "What are classified by their measurement in degrees as ""right"", ""reflex"", ""obtuse"", or ""acute""?"
answer: Angli

question: What is the name given to the longest side of a right-angled triangle?
answer: Hypotenuse

question: Which Swedish scientist had a temperature scale named after him?
answer: Anders Celsius

question: How many colors are there in the spectrum when white light is separated?
answer: Seven

question: The discovery of which law provoked the surprised cry 'Eureka!'?
answer: Archimedes Principle

question: What is the study and use of frequencies above 20 khz?
answer: Ultrasonics

question: What is an unchanging position in which forces cancel each other out?
answer: Equillibrium

question: Which physicist's law states that equal volumes of all gases, measured at the same temperature and pressure, contain the same number of molecules?
answer: Amedeo, Conte de Quaregna Avogadro

question: What is the ability of fluids to offer resistance to flow?
answer: Viscous shear

question: What is described as an ionized gas with approximately equal numbers of positive and negative charges?
answer: Biological plasma

question: What name is given to the very serious chain of events which can follow the failure of the cooling system in a nuclear reactor?
answer: Meltdown (song)

question: Which electronic device magnifies the strength of a signal?
answer: Class-C amplifier

question: What was the name of the unit of heat now replaced by the joule?
answer: Callorie

question: What does c represent in the equation e = mc*2?
answer: Speed of Liht

question: What is a cylindrical coil of wire in which a magnetic field is created when an electric current is passed though it?
answer: Solenoid coil

question: What describes a substance that exists in more than one form, differing in physical rather than chemical properties?
answer: Alotrope

question: Whose 'unified field theory' tried to explain the four fundamental forces in terms of a single, unified force?
answer: Albert Enstien

question: What diverges rays of light, if it is concave?
answer: Lens

question: What can be expressed as the number of cycles of a vibration occurring per unit of time?
answer: Temporal frequency

question: What is the product of the mass of a body and its linear velocity?
answer: Momentum (physics)

question: Which quantity has direction as well as magnitude?
answer: Vector quantity

question: What is the SI unit of magnetic flux density, named after a Croatian electrical engineer?
answer: Tesla (disambiguation)

question: What is studied in the science of cryogenics?
answer: Very low temperature

question: What is the favorite food of the giant panda?
answer: Labong

question: What kind of an animal is a marmoset?
answer: An American monkey

question: Which plant has flowers but no proper leaves?
answer: Cactui

question: What name is given to animals that eat both flesh and plant material?
answer: Omnivore

question: Which flightless marine birds of the southern hemisphere live in rookeries?
answer: Penquins

question: "Which species of decapod has varieties called ""fiddler', 'spider' and 'hermit'?"
answer: Crabs

question: Which digestive organ is well-developed in grass-eating herbivores, but is only vestigial in humans?
answer: Apendix

question: Which are the only birds able to fly backwards?
answer: Hummingbirds

question: Photosynthesis is carried out in which part of the cell?
answer: Dna, chloroplast

question: What is the name of the protective outer layer of trees?
answer: Phelloderm

question: What liquid do plants need for photosynthesis?
answer: Watery

question: What are the young of bats called?
answer: Pup (disambiguation)

question: What is the larva of a toad called?
answer: Polewig

question: Which bird, a member of the cuckoo family, is often seen dashing along the highways of the southern USA and Mexico... hence its name?
answer: Roadrunners

question: What grow as parasites and saprotrophs, contain no chlorophyll, and reproduce by means of spores?
answer: Fungus kingdom

question: Why do fish have gills?
answer: To absorb oxygen

question: Which animal can move by jet propulsion?
answer: Octopi

question: What name is given to the microscopic plants found in great numbers in rivers, lakes, and oceans?
answer: Filamentous algae

question: What are the nocturnal, herding herbivores of Australia, Tasmania, and New Guinea?
answer: Kangarooo

question: Where in an animal would you find a mandible?
answer: Quadratojugal fenestrae

question: What is a beaver's home called?
answer: Lodge

question: Which tissue carries sugary sap around the plant?
answer: Companion cells

question: Which cells form the middle layer of plant leaves?
answer: Mesophyll

question: Which antipodean bird is the largest member of the kingfisher family?
answer: Dacelo novaeguinea

question: Which microscopic organisms form the basis of marine and freshwater food chains?
answer: Ocean microorganism

question: Which bird feeds with its head upside-down and its beak held horizontally beneath the water?
answer: Pink Flamingo

question: What kind of a tongue does the okapi have?
answer: Prehensility

question: What do baleen whales eat?
answer: Euphausiacea

question: Which South American vulture can have a wing span of up to 3 meters and a body weight of up to 13 kilos?
answer: Condor

question: Which part of a beetle's body is a skeleton?
answer: The outside

question: What is the name of the structures which allow leaves to breathe?
answer: Stomatal

question: Which sub-division of plants is named after their practice of forming 'naked seeds'?
answer: Gymosperm

question: The maidenhair tree is the sole survivor of which class of plant?
answer: Ginko (disambiguation)

question: What is the state of inactivity through the dry, summer season, as hibernation is the dormancy of the winter months?
answer: Aestivation

question: What kind of a creature is a scorpion?
answer: List of false scorpions

question: Which part of the common valerian is used to make a sedative?
answer: Root (botany)

question: What is the name of the structures which allow stems to breathe?
answer: Lenticel

question: Which acid is contained in rhubarb leaves, making them poisonous to eat?
answer: Ethanedioic acid

question: What kind of an organism causes a 'rust' attack on plants?
answer: Fungus kingdom

question: Which is the dominant generation in the ferns?
answer: Sporophytic

question: What is the name of the lustrous substance that forms pearl and mother-of-pearl?
answer: Mother of pearl

question: What is the name of the so-called 'first-bird'?
answer: Archaeoptryx

question: What is the Latin word for 'liquid' which we use to mean the fluid produced by the tree Ficus elastica?
answer: Latex

question: What is the main use of the tree Citrus bergamia?
answer: Extrait de Parfum

question: Which physician developed a type of remedy involving wild flowers?
answer: The Story of Bach

question: The best longbows were constructed from which wood?
answer: Yews

question: How many species of domestic dog are found today?
answer: 1

question: What kind of creature is a barnacle?
answer: Crustacen

question: Machiavelli used which plant's name as the title of one of his books?
answer: Mandrake

question: What is the name of the evolutionary theory suggesting that evolution has an uneven pace?
answer: Punctuationalism

question: Which step in photosynthesis is responsible for splitting water molecules?
answer: Light reaction (disambiguation)

question: Which kind of organisms are likely to show a 'taxis'?
answer: Protozoic

question: Which part of the brain regulates physiological stability in the body?
answer: Anterior hypothalamus

question: Which organ is responsible for regulating the blood sugar level?
answer: Inferior surfaces of the pancreas

question: What is the scientific name for the human ''tail'?
answer: Coccygeal Vertebrae

question: When might a person show rapid eye movement (REM)?
answer: During sleep

question: Which organ removes excess water from the blood?
answer: Human kidney

question: Which is the most acidic part of the digestive system?
answer: Gastro-esophageal junction

question: A deficiency of which vitamin can cause scurvy?
answer: Liqui-Cee

question: What are the two main veins in the neck, returning blood from the brain to the heart?
answer: V jugularis

question: What is the term fro a series of uncontrollable intakes of air caused by sudden spasms of the diaphragm?
answer: Hickups

question: Which part of the eye contains about 137 million light-sensitive cells in one square inch?
answer: Nervous tunic

question: What is the more common name for the tympanic membrane?
answer: Pars tensa

question: What is the name for a red blood cell?
answer: ATC code B05AX01

question: What is the scientific name for the windpipe?
answer: Wind pipe

question: Where do the Graafian follicles develop?
answer: Ovarium

question: Where would you find the pisiform bone?
answer: Wrist injuries

question: What is the scientific name for the kneecap?
answer: Kneecap

question: What is protected by the cranium?
answer: Brain cell

question: What is the name of the large muscle just beneath the lungs?
answer: Diafram

question: Where in the body is the thyroid?
answer: Neck.

question: Which organ in the body stores excess sugar as glycogen?
answer: Impressio duodenalis

question: What name is given to the small bones which form the spinal column?
answer: Processus accessorius vertebrae lumbalis

question: Where in the body are the cerebellum, the medulla and the hypothalamus?
answer: Brain cell

question: What makes up 60-70% of human body weight?
answer: Watery

question: What are the very narrow blood vessels which form a network between arteries and veins?
answer: Capillary bed

question: What is the ring of bones at the hip called?
answer: Lower torsos

question: What tube connects the kidney to the bladder?
answer: Ureteral

question: What is the name of the structural tissue found in the ear, the nose, and in between the vertebral discs?
answer: Cartilages

question: Which artery supplies the kidney with blood?
answer: Arteria renalis

question: How many ventricles are there in the human heart?
answer: 2

question: What is the scientific name for the tube connecting the mouth with the stomach?
answer: Upper oesophageal sphincter

question: Which parts of the body are formed by the bones of the metatarsals and phalanges?
answer: Foot fracture

question: What is the fluid that lubricates and cushions the movable joints between the bones?
answer: Synovia

question: What is the oxygen-carrying protein found in the red blood cells of the body?
answer: Haemoglobin (hb)

question: What are the chemicals produced by the endocrine glands to control body functions?
answer: Hormone

question: Where in the human body do you find the alveoli?
answer: Pulmonary surgical procedures

question: What name is given to the genetic make-up of an individual?
answer: Mutator genotype

question: A bone is joined to a muscle by which structure?
answer: Vagina fibrosa

question: What is the biggest bone in the body?
answer: Fumuer

question: Which of the retina's cells can distinguish between different wavelengths of light?
answer: Retinal cone

question: Which hormone causes male sexual development?
answer: Andropository 200

question: Which part of the brain controls the heart rate?
answer: Cardiac center

question: What is an overgrowth of fibrous tissue, usually produced at the site of a scar?
answer: Raised scar

question: Which is the only vein in the body to carry oxygenated blood?
answer: Left superior pulmonary vein

question: Which human body organ weighs about 2 kilos?
answer: Impressio duodenalis

question: Which name is given to the heart chamber which receives blood?
answer: Atrium

question: What kind of joint is the hip?
answer: Enarthrosis

question: Where is the sinoatrial node?
answer: Four chambered heart

question: What is the substance that the body over-produces in an allergic reaction to pollen?
answer: ATC code L03AX14

question: Which organ of the body secretes insulin?
answer: Inferior surfaces of the pancreas

question: Which part of the gut absorbs water from thje food?
answer: Colon (disambiguation)

question: Where would you find the islets of Langerhans?
answer: Inferior surfaces of the pancreas

question: What is the colored muscle that responds involuntarily to light?
answer: Iris

question: What is the name of the enzyme produced in the mouth?
answer: Salivary amylase

question: The pituitary controls many hormones, but what controls the pituitary?
answer: Anterior hypothalamus

question: What is the pigment that colors skin?
answer: Melanins

question: Which tissue secretes progesterone during the second half of the menstrual cycle?
answer: Corpora lutea

question: Which gland secretes the corticosteroids?
answer: Adrenal Gland

question: What are the natural pain-killing substances produced in the brain and pituitary gland?
answer: Endorfin

question: What hormone was discovered by John Jacob Abel?
answer: Supranephrine

question: What is the substance produced by hard exercise and oxygen debt, causing stiffness in the muscles?
answer: (S)-lactate

question: Where would you find the carotid arteries?
answer: Necke

question: Which protein forms hair and nails?
answer: Keratin

question: Which gas released by car exhausts, stops the blood hemoglobin from working correctly?
answer: Carbon monixide

question: What device is added to a car's exhaust system to reduce pollution?
answer: Catalytic converter

question: Which Australian mammal lays eggs?
answer: Platamapus

question: What is the term for something that will break down naturally?
answer: Biodegradable

question: Which is the most common gas in the atmosphere?
answer: Nitrogens

question: Which fuel is formed by the fossilization of plants?
answer: Coal-fired

question: Oxygen forms approximately what proportion of the atmosphere?
answer: twenty  %

question: What kind of tide appears at full Moon?
answer: Compound Tides

question: What is the term given to the study of the weather?
answer: Metereology

question: What is the name given to the outermost layer of the Earth?
answer: Cruſt

question: Which country produces the world's largest quantity of municipal waste per person per year?
answer: The United States of America

question: Which sea is so highly polluted that the Barcelona Convention was set up in 976 to try and clean it up?
answer: Mediterranian

question: What is the scientific scale for measuring the hardness of rocks?
answer: Mohs Scale

question: What is the world's smallest continent?
answer: Australia (Commonwealth realm)

question: Which gas forms approximately 1% of the atmosphere?
answer: Argon hydride

question: What is the term for the energy obtained from hot, underground rocks?
answer: Geothermic gradient

question: What name is given to the rocks swallowed by dinosaurs to assist their digestion?
answer: Gizzard stones

question: Which animal has been hunted almost to extinction because of its horn?
answer: Rhino

question: Which chemical, commonly used to increase crop yield, sometimes contaminates drinking water?
answer: Nitrate deposits

question: When you recycle a drink can, which metal is it you are recovering?
answer: Aluminum granules

question: What is the name of the liquid rock which pours from a volcano?
answer: ʻaʻa

question: What is the term applied to the process of gathering together weather forecasts from various recording stations?
answer: Synoptic forecasting

question: What kind of natural phenomenon 'meanders'?
answer: A river

question: What is the collective name for rain hail, snow, and sleet?
answer: Precipitation measurement

question: What is the hardest natural substance known?
answer: Diamond

question: What is the collective noun for crows?
answer: Willful murder

question: What is the maximum speed of a garden snail: 0.03 mph, 0.3 mph, or 3 mph?
answer: 0.03 mph

question: What common mineral is formed by the fossilization of vegetation?
answer: Coal-fired

question: In which part of the atmosphere is the ozone layer?
answer: Stratospheric

question: Which Indian state is at the eastern end of the Himalayas?
answer: Ôxôm

question: What is the name of the atmospheric gas which screens out the sun's harmful ultraviolet radiation?
answer: Ozone generator

question: What is the world's deepest ocean?
answer: Pacific Basin

question: Which is the largest animal ever to have inhabited the Earth?
answer: Blue wale

question: What once covered 14% of the Earth's land area, but by 1991 over half had been destroyed?
answer: Subtropical rainforest

question: Which inland sea between Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan is fast disappearing because the rivers that feed it have been diverted and dammed?
answer: Sea of Aral

question: The damaged Chernobyl nuclear power station is situated in which country?
answer: Ukrainian territory

question: What type of rock is granite?
answer: Instrusive Rock

question: What type of rock is basalt?
answer: Instrusive Rock

question: What is the main constituent of natural gas?
answer: Hydrogen carbide

question: Which of the Earth's atmospheric layers reflects radio waves?
answer: Ionospheric model

question: Which gas forms 80% of Earth's atmosphere?
answer: Nitrogens

question: In which mountain chain would you find Mount Everest?
answer: Himilaya

question: What is the collective term for substances such as coal, oil and natural gas, the burning of which produces carbon dioxide?
answer: Fossil electricity

question: What contributes to the greenhouse effect at lower atmospheric levels, but in the upper atmosphere protects life on Earth?
answer: Ozone generator

question: What is the name of the process by which substances are washed out of the soil?
answer: Leaching

question: Who was director of the environmental pressure group Friends of the Earth 1984 - 90?
answer: Jonathon Porritt

question: Which European country is committed to decommissioning all of its nuclear reactors?
answer: Swedish sin

question: Which Canadian city gave its name to the 1987world agreement on protection of the ozone layer?
answer: Motnreal

question: The dodo was a native bird of which island?
answer: Mauritius Island

question: What is the name given to the study of earthquakes?
answer: Seismologist

question: Marble is formed by the metamorphosis of which rock?
answer: Cretaceous limestone

question: Which common water pollutant is believed to be harmful to newborn babies?
answer: Nitrate deposits

question: What natural feature covers approximately 6% of the Earth's land surface, and harbors 40% of the Earth's species?
answer: Equatorial Rainforests

question: What name is given to the huge growths of algae sometimes seen in polluted lakes and rivers?
answer: Blooming (disambiguation)

question: What was the name of the dioxin-containing defoliant used during the Vietnam war by the USA army?
answer: Super Orange

question: CITES is an international agreement on which environmental problem?
answer: The trade in endangered species

question: What prevents the earth's atmosphere from floating out into space?
answer: Gravitational physics

question: Which of the emissions from cars are acidic?
answer: Fuel NOx

question: Which quarry in the Italian region of Tuscany is renowned for the quality of its marble?
answer: Principality of Carrara

question: What is the name given to the geological time period of 363-290 million years ago during which coal measures were formed?
answer: Carboniferous Period

question: Which is further north, the tropic of cancer or the tropic of Capricorn?
answer: Northern tropic

question: What name is given to your angular distance on the Earth's surface relative to the equator?
answer: Geographic latitude

question: Which landlocked Asian country is described as the world's 'highest rubbish dump' because of all the refuse left behind by expeditions?
answer: Nepol

question: What name is given to the layer of the atmosphere closest to the surface of the Earth?
answer: Tropospherics

question: What name is given to the Earth's single continent, which existed 250 million years ago?
answer: Pangaea

question: What component of CFCs causes destruction of ozone?
answer: E925

question: What does a barometer measure?
answer: Central pressure

question: What is the basic chemical composition of malachite?
answer: Basic copper(II) carbonate

question: What is the term for a fold of the Earth's crust in which the layers of rock dip inwards?
answer: Synclinorium

question: Which clouds only occur above 10,000 meters?
answer: Cirrus (building)

question: What kind of a person might study a podzol?
answer: Soil Science

question: Which gas in the atmosphere can be turned into fertilizer by some microbes?
answer: Nitrogens

question: Which layer of the Earth is believed to be formed of molten iron and nickel?
answer: Outer core

question: What is the collective noun for rhinoceri?
answer: Crash (film)

question: What type of rock is formed by the rapid cooling of molten lava?
answer: Dragonglass

question: What name is given to the rock formations used as a source of water?
answer: Aquitard

